1,depression, it's making me feel mentally sick and it is genuinely shocking.
0,Liberalism is a disease of the mind and it should be classified as a mental disorder.
1,The world is a fucked up place its mental state is beyond sick just thinking about the times i need to adjust quick
1,Drug Abuse goes hand and hand and it's making mind sick and depressed.
0,in your imagination you can imagine whatever your sick mind  feels.
1,i found symptoms of depression in me like anger issues, tedious at work.
0,12 ways you can support someone with postnatal depression.
0,Excellent blog on social risk factor for depression.
0,If there's a hint of truth about his depression, it'd be hypocritical to mock him when his exposure of another's mental health led to this.
1,i think i have mental illness called depression
1,Depression, Anxiety or any other form of mental blocks/illnesses. one hit or touch can effect a child's entire life. 
1,depression is a mood disorder and there're ppl working to change it from "mental" to cerebral condition
1, people killing animals everyday for unobvious reason have some kind of mental disorder.
0,Look beyond depression - call for greater global focus on improving quality of mental health.
1,demonic attack can cause depression or mental disorder.
1,isolation advocates depression that can lead to mental illness. 
1,started taking meds this week because of depression, mind sickness but still wouldnt mind if i died right now
1,Staying will literally make me even more menatlly sick.
0,mental illness, just like any other unwarranted disease someone might have it is just a difference in the way their body and mind operates
1,boredom,it's a mental disease she can't see what she looks like in her mind she looks like any normal person
0,1 in 7 Malaysians have SICK MIND,attract disease,virus bacteria. 
0,I know right, there's no doubt in my mind that liberalism is a mental disease.
0,Disgusting sick, time all disabled people put a spanner in the works 2fuk up the sick corrupt DWP 
0,Disease (physical/mental/emotional/spiritual) is nothing but those blockage in your mind and body. 
1,Dude has some mental issues because of workload. Even if he is trying to get a rise out of you it takes a sick mind to think of something like that.
0,You are suffering from liberalism it is a mental disease but feel better soon when youre well.
0,Everything in mind is matter. Every disease is created by the mental body first.
1,I wish mental illnesses were valid "sick" days. Instead we make up a lie about being sick, when really our mind is just taking over our body
0,There's no shame in consulting a mental health professional if you feel your mind is sick.
0,They always revert to their sick Liberal agenda, sparing no one.Mental illness again, rears its head.
0,He's got to be out of his mind! Liberalism IS a mental disease. Cure is ignoring libs!
1,please get mental health help. You need it. You live in a fucking imaginary world that exists ONLY in your own deluded sick mind
0,Your heartfelt for victims of a sick mental mind create by extrem unsocial justice no heartfelt to steal from welfare.
1,I am depressed and feel lke to kill myself.
0,Trump has a mental disorder that makes him a dangerous world leader.
0,The general opinion of many well known Neuropsychiatrist is that Trump has a mental disorder and should be professionally diagnosed.
1,I need a brain surgery to correct a mental disorder. The problem is I don't understand women
1,I don't think they make a med that will fix their kind of mental disorder
0,I feel terrible for trans people. They have a mental disorder. That shouldn't be a bad word. They need REAL help! Look at the suicide rate!
1,mental disorder is not senseless, sometimes a person feels like to die in this. 
0,Trump's out of his mind, seriously-crazy, sick needs mental health care. This renders him unfit to serve as POTUS
1,I don't got anger issues i got irritability issues.
1,starting to question whether I have anger issues or if people around me are just that annoying
0,I'm having anxiety issues now. Should I try some rehearsing?
0,He could control his excessive anger issue.
0,Meanwhile-live at the puzzle-a person with anger issues and therapeutic pencil sharpening.
1,He needs to be honest with himself bc his other ex girlfriends have said he has psychological disorder.
1,myanxiety and depression gave me concentration issues
1,myparents are the reason I have anger issues.
1,I take medication for mental health issues including debilitating anxiety, so I LOVE it when people call me names for having been worried.
1,Justin's got some anger issues and sometimes he just wanna die.
1,I'm convinced that I have anger issues.
1,i have also anger issues and panic attacks.
1,has anger and abandonment issues due to trauma in her past.
1,My anger issues and patience are truly not of the norm
1,I got some real anger issues I need to deal with ASAP.
1,Can't leave my room bc I have no self control and anger issues and I will say not nice things to my roommate.
0,The weirdest thing about getting rid of my anxiety issues is this newfound ability to have longer thoughts and conversations.
0,I try to fix my anger issues but somebody always make me back track
1,So really I don't think I have anxiety issues as much as I think I do, I probably  just think too much and hate doing things without purpose
1,we are talking about a person who bully's children for money, and has anger issues
0,Decision made. Man I tell you about sneaky females w. Anger issues. . .
1,you have anger issues and doesn't that affect your spirituality?
0,No one wants to hear about your anxiety
1,pic games TVs are shit in comparison to the social experiences kids need to learn hence high mental health issues - anxiety
0,I got anger issues but I don't see it as a bad thing tbh
0,We finally found someone to help her and all she needed was specialized physio to cure her issues
1,this is literally giving me anger issues. I don't think this is healthy anymore.
0,Artificial Intelligence: People afraid of robots are much more likely to fear losing their jobs.
0,i feel like they should get into Alex's anger issues and how she resorts to violence far too easily in season 3.
1,i have anger issues. the slightest things piss me tf off i go outside walk around.
1,my stress level and my anger issues and like my anxiety is way out of control. i literally can't read a sentence without hitting something
0,like if you have an idiot abusive dad with anger issues that holds every mistake (or supposed mistake) over your head forever
1,please do understand that i have trust issues and anger issues, so if you still want to be my friend..please proceed with caution.
1,I have serious anger issues but don't know how to control it.
0,Interesting post on suicidal thoughts by @ShefFlourish creative content producer Becky trigger warning. 
1,I was thinking more because we're depressing and cause suicidal thoughts but whatever works
1,I'll be getting suicidal thoughts at random times like I'll be sitting on the toilet thinking damn I wanna die
0,suicide is not the easy way out. a person who deal with its thoughts literally suffer every day thinking about making it the last
1,Suicidal thoughts thinking about a homicide
0,'What was often worse than the actual thoughts were the those that followed: Whatís wrong with me?
1,"Mama, come rescue me, I'm suicidal, thinking thoughts
0,thoughts got me thinking 'bout suicide, baby, this is do or die; when you told me it's over ain't no point in being sober
1,i was also thinking of telling them i need professional help due to my sadness &amp; suicidal thoughts but im literally gonna chicken out so nO
1,you just said you have suicidal thoughts that means your thinking about suicide.
0,These meds should come with a  verbal warning! They cause MORE suicidal thoughts, rapid thinking ect
1,Over thinking will only hurt you more and more. They only give birth to anxiety, depression and suicidal thoughts.
1,I love suicidal thoughts love thinking of various ways to kill myself makes me feel very neurotypical
0,when I'm thinking of her, nothing else matters. all the dark thoughts commit suicide
1,Sorry I can't hang out I'll be very busy thinking suicidal thoughts and eating my feelings
1,I've actually been thinking a lot about suicide lately as the thoughts overwhelmingly fill my kind.
0,Interesting post on suicidal thoughts by @ShefFlourish creative content producer Becky trigger warning #mentalhealth
1,I was thinking more because we're depressing and cause suicidal thoughts but whatever works
0,suicide is not the easy way out. a person who deal with its thoughts literally suffer every day thinking about making it the last
1,thoughts got me thinking 'bout suicide, baby, this is do or die; when you told me it's over ain't no point in being sober.
0,I got some major anger issues
0,No one should have to face mental health problems alone. We are here to help.
1,depression is a mental disorder
0,you know that getting active can reduce your risk of depression.
1,sorry for disappearing so suddenly, fever and depression is a mix i never expected to be so hard on my body and mental health
1,Suicides caused not by mental illness but by work pressures, bullying, etc. @croakeyblog @FrankGQuinlan
0,Why did The Chicken cross the road is A suicide Joke
0,Pivotal Lawsuit Shows Widely Used Antidepressant Increases Suicide Risk Over 800 Percent | The Daily Sheeple 
0,I bait myself so I dont really care about any review of Suicide Squad shes still hot
0,How do suicide prevention hotlines work? How does a phone help, cuz if I really want to go I'd think you'd physically have to restrain me
0,Mick, was this suit based on Suicide Squad's movie poster 'cause everyÖ 
1,I would not regret taking suicide by knife.
0,@chadfolder Graphic how? In relating to sex, drugs, suicide?
1,I feel like the suicide rate in gamers would skyrocket
0,ISIS demonstrates its inclusiveness/diversity by providing a means for the mentally challenged to reach Paradise! 
0,I heard about Raudha's passing a couple days ago and now hearing that it was a suicide just hurts my heart ??
0,remember, kids: if you make a suicide joke on april fools, you're an asshole
1,A girl who committed suicide leaves behind 13 tapes with reasons why she killed herself.
0,Mulhall Orlando defeats Morrison 5-4 with a walk off suicide squeeze by Bryce Scroggins.
0,the suicide rate among the lactose intolerant community must be so high
0,ShakeThatCassxo yeah she committed suicide on march 24th ??
1,Absolute physical and psychological torture, as proven by the death of others resulting in suicideÖ 
0,If you joke about suicide or cancer there's a good chance I will lose all respect for you... smh
1,Sometimes my life makes me feel I should have to sucide.
0,I Ieft a suicide notes.
1,Let the suicide doors up. I do suicides on the tour bus, I do suicides on the private jet. You know what that mean, I'm fly to death.
0,kurt cobain didn't commit suicide he was murdered.
0,Join Built 4 Comfort in a multi-band benefit for American Foundation for Suicide Prevention at Hershey's in Gaithersburg tonight 7:30P-12A
0,Christie Blatchford: B.C. man pleads for family court reform in suicide note.
0,Suicide must be the most heartbreaking, devastating blow of life and the heart so treacherous, who can know it. So many signs, so many
0,Winona state: named for a fictional Native American woman who committed suicide over a white man. 
1,couple years of high school who commits suicide is...jarring, to say the least. It's like a foggy mirror.
0,can't wait hope others jump on board. Plus proceeds going to suicide prevention.
0,Agreed. The Agenda covered most of them @spaikin Suicide prevention is everyone's responsibility.
0,Just watched suicide squad for the first time. OH MY GOD ITS SUCH A BAD MOVIE WHO HYPED THIS SHIT?
1,San Diego teen commits suicide after bullying over embarrassing video
0,Suicide Diseaseis the most painful medical condition known to modern medicine.
1,ecriminalising suicide is a wonderful thing.
1,amity University student kills self, suicide note points to pressure.
1,Teenager commits suicide in china because of poverty.
0,im streaming superman 64 as a punishment for not tweeting gonna need suicide hotline after this shit
0, Trojan Horse with a suicide vest and AK 47
1,I want to commit suicide because of boring life. 
0,I swear if at the end of this Clay commits suicide I'm legit going to cry so much
0,some people when they try to commit suicide they regret it half way thro and she might have. That's what I'm suggesting
0,Wall Street Journal warns Senate Republicans against filibuster deal "suicide" 
1,if anyone fakes suicide today, and comes back laughing about april fools, i'm going to tell you that you should have done it for real
0,Why didn't piglet suicide bomb with karthus would have prevented baron he could bomb and double kill he played that bad imo
1,Dozens of people committed suicide due to KHK (Decrees in law) in Turkey.
1,i hate sex so I want to commit suicide. 
0,Wilshere should be put on suicide watch. Little man can't even get games for Bournemouth, Livermore ahead of him for England squads Lmao
0,If you fuck me over, don't come back unless you're on a suicide mission.
0,Oh god im gonna see Hannah baker suicide I'm not ready
1,People do not die from suicide, they die from sadness.
1,The condition of maids in Arabic Gulf states is so bad that they even decide to commit suicide.
0,Isn't 13 reasons a series on why someone commits suicide? Selena Gomez had something to do with it right?
0,It's so sad when people commit suicide.
0,Suicide Disease is the most painful medical condition known to modern medicine.
1,Its not always the suicide that kills you,its the sadness, hopelessness all negativities kills you while alive this death is much worst.
0,I advocate suicide for people who deliberately refuse to use common sense.  People like that don't live long anyway.
0,the 13 reasons why is such a shitty representation of depression and suicide fuck that book
1,I'm planning to commit suicide, and want to drop a line to pals online before take final breadth.
1,depression is nothing to be ashamed of. ask for help if you need it. if you see someone in trouble reach out. suicide is never the answer.
1,i have anxiety about spending money but i also have compulsive spending issues.
1,i think i have serios disorder and i'm just a queen with anger issues.
1,Seems to be some anger issues there  and shouting on random people.
1,There's just an awful lot of discontent and anger about so many issues.
0,The suicidals are the poetic ones. You guys are too beautiful to commit suicide.
1,MY ROOM IS MY OWN ASYLUM AND HE DOESN'T EVEN CHECK UP ON ME AND NOW I'M TORN BETWEEN FINDING LOVE OR KILLING MYSELF BUT I LOVE MY MOM 2 MUCH
0,I couldn't because I don't have any reason by killing myself tonight.
1,Keep calm and killing myself on
1,Im killing myself guys right now.
1,literally nothing is stopping me from killing myself what am I waiting for
0,I love spending my saturdays watching Fixer Upper and killing myself over Economics
1,Haven't thought about killing myself until today
1,the only thing stopping me rn from killing myself is that im not home
1,this is the best day of my life, i'm killing myself tomorrow
0,why am i killing myself doing uni work when i can just do asmr videos
0,And no I'm not talking about killing myself shut the fuck up
1,I'm fr killing myself, idk how I'm gonna do it
1,im killing myself and its jens fault
1,since i cant seem to achieve any fucking thing maybe just killing myself would help
1,and maybe halfway through, it has more to do with me killing him than it ever did protecting myself
1,Michelle, I missed her with all my being. I hated the world for not killing me with her and hated myself for allowing this to happen to her.
1,i was thinkin about killing myself, dont u mind?
1,i talk about killing myself a lot, so unfollow me if you don't like it bc i don't give a shit
0,If my flight doesn't get out on Tuesday I'm killing myself
1,me: ok im killing myself now, i was considering it for a long time but n
0,Seriously folks, I needed to get my brain in order. I was killing myself every comic update. It was hurting me.
0,Was having a bad day and now I'm killing myself
0,today is the day i have lost all hope
0,i'm killing myself why do they always give me closing shifts.
0,i spilled hot coffee all over myself at work and just stood there and let it burn me. what else was i supposed to do. i'm killing my self.
0,@_kristinhamill @kerry_hamill actual killing myself laughing at your snapchat story 
0,Getting multiple pieces of fucking paper with my name in a fancy font- and struggle financially in the future- fucking killing myself.
0,im killing myself i wish i could be a part of this
1,i wanna make a video of me killing myself for RTs
1,fuxk it. I'm killing myself instead.
0,I have to try and remind myself what these DR characters sound like while AVOIDING V3 Killing Harmony spoilers.
0,I'm fucking killing myself please don't make Harold sing in an Irish accent
0,So I just saw a recent pic of one of my middle school bfs and now he looks like he could be related to James Franco KILLING MYSELF!!!!!
0,Thanks ledge! This marathon is killing me! Stuffing myself with cake now though so not all bad
0,so I pretty much took on 2 other ships by myself cause the 3 others left. Now I'm stuck between them. They keep killing me
1,I DIDNT MEAN TO LURK IM PULLING OUT MY BLADES IM FUCKING KILLING MYSELF
0,Seriously??? You are going to SanFran but not LosAngeles? You're killing me. I'll just have to console myself
0,gonna be surprised if i make it through this semester without killing myself tbh
1,I do my best but I expect better from myself, that is killing me little by little
0,Ya'll heard ashtons solo I'm killing myself 
0,Based on my age and the current year if we dont have flying car or real hoverboards by 2030 I'm killing myself
0,i haven't watched nct life yet and probably won't im killing myself
0,tanas new video. omfg i'm actually killing my self. be right back i need to piss myself
1,The day she's in a wheelchair or in bed rest, that's it I'm killing myself it's gonna hurt so much seeing her like that
0,also HEH day 4 of suffering haha im actually killing myself
0,I KNOW WHO THE BEAST TITAN IS IM KILLING MYSELF I CANT DO THIS WTF IM SO SHOOK
1,"Or talk to me at three in the morning because I felt like killing myself. I had to do everything alone, because I know no one cared."
0,I haven't gotten a birthday gift in 3 years so if I don't get one next week I'm killing myself
0,dude it's manner isn't it, dude fuck English you know the chinks don't got it set up like this I'm killing myself
1,I actually really am considering killing myself just to show you how bad you're missing me off n also maybe I'll resurrect
0,"Got a full 8 hours of sleep and I didn't think bout killing myself! Ha ha, April Fools!"
0,Let me reintroduce myself Hi! My name is Caroline Forbes and I am a GOOD VAMPIRE and I dont like killing people
0,I've been keeping so much shit to myself lately and it's fucking killing me because I have no one to vent
0,My lips are sewn shut, I watch myself bleed
0,They push and pull me and it's killing me within
0,Ur ridiculous, leave me alone now please, I'm enjoying myself and ur killing my vibe
1,how many times have i pussied out of killing myself in three months?
0,Today just  proves that all I need is myself. Even family left me hanging. Painting this living room myself, and killing it.
1,I am on the verge of killing myself.
1,Constantly torn between killing myself and killing everyone around me.
1,if I start my period I'm killing myself.
0,If you suffer anxiety/mentalhealth issues contact GP or @MindCharity for QUALIFIED advice
1,the video you retweeted confirmed you smashed her phone... clearly have anger issues
0,Need to start with the pharmaceutical companies and legalize marijuana for pain and anxiety issues
1,when I tell people I have anger issues and they're like "yeah omg me too I get so mad" ... LMFAO... no you don't
0,Doyoung's anxiety face, Jaehyun's depressed kid fake ass smile, Taeyong's issues.
0,sorry for that depressing tweet from yesterday, i was just having some really bad anxiety and self esteem issues, wont happen again o/
0,I write from passion not anger... all my abuse anger issues were used for healing my muscles honed with stealy precision on a punchbag
1,Just read app form, hoped to join, but don't have. I want to work on my  anxiety issues.
1,I swear to god shit drivers on the road are what gives me anger issues.
1, Hope your friend gets control with his anger issues this shows his mentall health is not good.
0,But the idea that nobody who's got anger issues can EVER change is also wrong.
1,My anger issues grow stronger every fucking day and making me mentally sicknees.
1,having anger issues is probably the worst thing in my life it spilled me mentally and ate up job as well.
1,This past week has legitimately been the worst my anxiety depression issues have ever been, chalking it up to new dose strength.
0,I can't begin to explain how emotionally draining and hard it is to date/love someone with anger issues
0,i have anger issues so i can get mad easily but it was worse in 2015/2016 and now it's less
0,If your significant other is dealing with #anxiety issues. Must Read my blog.
1,JennyPentland not just overweight issues, but anger issues practicing witchcraft that u sent away from back pages of enquirer 2curse ppl
1,I get mad at simple things and people say I have anger issues which I don't btw.
0,JennyPentland after every therapist quit after attempting to treat u? remember dr lajoy? u drove her out of the bizness w ur anger issues.
1,Cancer's patients often have temper problems and anger management issues.
1,It's not confirmed in a document or anything but I'm sure I have anger issues because things that shouldn't make me mad. 
1,This guy asked we could cuddle and I told him I don't cuddle because I have anger issues and he blocked me lmao
1,we forget that depression/anxiety experienced during a mission pressure are the reason of unwanted death.
1,talking to our kids about consent trigger anxiety and trust issues can help them mentally.
1,Anger issues, how do I overcome it? Am beginning to get scared for myself
1,One of my issues is anxiety. And constant panic isn't good for *anyone*.
1,On Facebook people irritates me and there I'm a person with anger issues 
0,take her to doctor if ur sister has anger issues
0,The neurotic, over protective parent who has anger issues about her kids' lives being put at risk by.
0,Another sign of advancing Dementia.
0,like fam get a therapist or something to learn how to control your obvious anger issues or something
0,My depression and anxiety do not define me. My Heavenly Parents and Christ love me so much... it doesn't matter what my issues are.
0,One day, these issues will be settled to the point where my anxiety is reduced enough for me to be a functional human being.
0,he ended up with his anger issues. Lots and lots of anger issues
1,My suicidal thoughts are very close to becoming suicidal actions.
1,discrete realationship that's why I have depression issues, but hey been turning that into so much anger that Rebel scum shall fear me
0,I've not seen that crazy cockatoo before. Seems to have anger issues.
1,I don't like maxi. He had anger issues when he played for us and he hasn't improved.
1,My son is depressed and have anger issues.
1,I make jokes about suicide even tho I have been severely suicidal since I was 13. I think I am mentaly sick
1,Pitso Mosimane have some anger issues' producers should recommend someone
0,Just look at the hatred on Bugula's face. Liberalism is a mental disorder.
0,i understand she DEFINITELY had confidence/anxiety issues but it also wouldn't be fair to send home queens who are performing better?
1,Kinda hard not to trust when so many people have manipulated you in the past and you depressed, have anxiety etc.
1,Grumpy: Has anger issues and was in prison for assault with a deadly weapon.
1,we already have enouhg issues with anxiety. we don't need someone to intentionally set that off and make us panic a whole lot
0,Better to stick to the issues and the way in which Trump is betraying his voters and the economic issues fueling their anger.
1,Social anxiety, Trust issues, Girl trouble, causes of mental illness for a man.
0,i'm just a princess with anger issues.
1,Started back on a lower dose of Prozac 4 anxiety.A week later,having suicidal thoughts.
1,Suicidal thoughts bcoz of financial reasons are scary
0,I'm so glad he overcame his performance anxiety issues as well.
1,Anger issues much? Hope someone give mentall support
0,i have anxiety about spending money but i also have compulsive spending issues. a problem
1,i'm just a queen with anger issues.
0,this is why i have anger issues. 
0,my dad and me are the same, both cool people with anger issues(mine is worse) wanting to be hoes and play ball.
1,You'd swear I had anger issues with the way I'm acting today
0,No wonder I smoke.. I got some serious anger issues.
0,I don't know, he's almost damned if he does, damned if he doesn't. There's just an awful lot of discontent and anger about so many issues.
0,I don't got anger issues i got irritability issues.
0,starting to question whether I have anger issues or if people around me are just that annoying
1,I'm having anxiety issues now. Should I try some rehearsing?
0,teresting bbc documentary about mental health, please take a look.
1,someone I was having a rough mental day with my depression and they just said "it's was due to high work load or unappealling work.
0,usally if your mind has underlying mental issues they will come to the surface after drugs.
0,it a question about your rights regarding mental health? Call 01702 601123. 
0,judge has spoken out for the first time about his mental health struggle after losing his Sydney restaurant.
1,It fails to even once mention that suicide is a mental illness, the seriousness of depression, and fragility of the teenage mind.01
1,Depression, how can friends and family help? Good piece from 
0,There are many organisations that can help with male depression. Don't leave it till it's too late.
0,I'm all for people being more open about their mental health but 'depression memes' isn't exactly what I had in mind
0,would you please tweet my new song #princess? Written to help those struggling with mental health, like PTSD and depression?
1,I was facing Racism comments and this made me mental illness patient. 
0,"Mental health is not a destination; it is a process."
1,Up To 78% Of Students Have A Mental Health Disorder because of high course load.
0,Opening up about my depression has made every relationship in my life better.
0,Play is an essential component of mental health. #mentalhealth #play #mind #depression.
0,Exercises can benefit our mental and heals depression.
1,I?e heard of depression,anxiety, but when it attacked me made me mental ill.
1,It's easy to not understand something when you have a rational mind not effected by mental illness but depression isn't clear and rational
1,I Stuck in a deep black hole and it's ruining my mental health and state of mind.
1,Persistent negative mental states, like depression, anxiety, become injected into my #brain.
0,Lady Gaga opening up the conversation because at times so many of us experience depression and unstable mental state.
1,1st time fatherhood is one of biggest risks for mental ill health in men.
1,Any kind of anxiety brings disorder in mental health. 
0,Liberalism is a mental disorder.  These people are batshit crazy. 
0,Having a mental disorder doesn't make you more susceptible to believe in demons.
1,Paranoid delusions are a mental disorder, get yourself checked bud!
1,People that believe in demons are at a higher risk of getting a mental disorder.
0,Im starting to believe Trans is a mental disorder https://t.co/x3ab1p2NRk
1,poverty lead to mental disorder.
1,Something's wrong with her behaviour.  It's like she has a mental disorder of some sort.
1,Nurses face work conditions that can be traumatic and violent, which can affect their mental health and well-being.  https://t.co/ceCXEJxVO1
0,She portrayed mental health and eating disorder so well and realistically.
0,Research suggests men find it even more challenging to discuss their mental health #depression #anxiety
0,You don't have to face mental health problems alone, call 01702 601123. #Essex #MentalHealth #Anxiety #Depression.
0,Click here for mental health advice.
1,PhD students are more likely to experience mental-health distress than other highly educated individuals.
0,What not to say to someone with depression or any other mental health problem really @thepooluk #TimeForChange
0, 'Mind over Marathon' Incredible people overcoming depression, mental illness, it's heartbreaking. #MindOverMarathon
0,People who have a mental illness can be just as strong in mind ?sometimes even stronger ?than those who don?. 
0,Stop the shame that surrounds depression and other mental health issues.  It's not all in the mind. 
1,I think these kinda fucked up my mind. These stuff about depression, mental health problems, etc are clearly exist around me.
0,so here's a statistic.. I recently (last 2 hours) spoke about my mental health issues.. and I lost 12 followers.
1,i was walking home thinking suicidal thoughts after insulted by boss in a conference and felt depressed again.
0,CALL 1-800-273-8255 or 911 NOW if you are having suicidal thoughts! 
1,Suicidal thoughts/actions are signs of psychological problems no matter what causes them. 
1,i struggled with eating disorders, selfharm, suicidal thoughts after tremendous amount or work an still see failure.
1,being someone who has lived with suicidal thoughts since the age of nine nothing quite rustles more than poor suicide handling!!!
1,People are starting to obsess over suicide/suicidal thoughts.
1,Suicidal thoughts/actions are signs of psychological problems no matter what causes them. 
1,i struggled with eating disorders, selfharm, suicidal thoughts after tremendous amount or work an still see failure.
0,suicide attempting by students is serious issue in front child welfare organizations these days.
1,My suicidal thoughts have reached a new low. I can't stop thinking about dying and being free from all this hurt.
0,Don't say how suicide is cowardly and then be surprised when your friend doesn't talk to you about their suicidal thoughts.
1,a person who has attempted suicide and sometimes definitely  strugglled  with suicidal thoughts.
1,thinking clearly in my state of panic and my suicidal thoughts were getting the best of me.
0,My personal view as someone who watched the tv series had dealt with suicidal thoughts and manic depression for years.
0,Who is at risk of suicide? Suicidal thoughts or feelings don? arrive out of the blue.
0,Screening with SIQ-JR to find kids with suicidal thoughts. (And, no, talking about suicide doesn't give people the thought). 
0,They act like suicide itself is a show/entertainment like?????? Clearly they've never experienced depression in life
0,Someone you know is thinking of suicide? Check out this great info on how to support them:  @Rethink_
0,I just mean that people are feeling the need to call a suicide hotline after watch this video.
1,Overdosed Myself Because Of My SUICIDAL THOUGHTS BAE Cried Thinking I Was Dead That Day
0,In the same sentence, she said "this other one is against anxiety but can cause suicidal thoughts"
0,If you or someone you know are experiencing suicidal thoughts, call 911, or call the National Suicide Prevention Hotline at 1-800-273-8255.
0,Never thought there's this many people in this world with suicidal thoughts. I honestly don't want to lose anymore of my friends to suicide.
1, manypeople have suicidal thoughts or feelings at some point in their in life because of depression.
1,The book itself triggered my suicidal thoughts back in high school when I had to read it for an English assignment
1,Awkward moment when I joke about self harm, suicide and depression to deal with my self harm, suicidal thoughts.
1,streets until I came to this abandoned home... Sometimes I want to die, sometimes I thought about suicide when suicidal thoughts invade my mind
0,If you're having suicidal thoughts please don't do it, thinking no one cares but truthfully someone does!Talk to anyone ask for help Im here
0,Two weekly support groups for those affected by suicide or suicidal thoughts
1,I have been suffering with suicidal thoughts for majority of my life since my uncle died by suicide.
1,Bullying can cause fear, anxiety,and lead to self harm, depression, suicidal thoughts and, in some cases, suicide.
1,Major depression, suicide and suicidal thoughts are also arised in people because by demons spirits.
0,Are you really trying to compare people with suicidal thoughts to people who actually commit suicide???
0,men are more likely to commit suicide, but women are more likely to have suicidal thoughts.
0,i've helped people overcome suicidal thoughts and helped those who have lost people to suicide.
1,Thinking about my family/friends reactions isn't going to cure my suicidal thoughts.
1,Highly wired or Struggling think or move...! All with suicidal thoughts.
0,If anyone is feel suicidal thoughts or depression, don't be afraid to reach out. I'm here. 
1,Suicide is contagious presenting suicide In a heroic or romantic way can worsen suicidal thoughts.
1,I remember when I was 17 and first started having suicidal thoughts. I wrote about death and suicide in my California State Test exam (1/?)
1,sometime i am thinking that i am responsible for my best friend unhappiness, depression and suicide.
1, ppl who have past trauma of suicide and depression or are struggling are readily get into suicidal thoughts
0,opens up about her past and suicidal thoughts before coming out.
0,CaitlynJenner opens up about wanting to commit suicide in new memoir.
1,Too many younger people are committing suicide because of many reasons. Most common analysed is depression or abstract tension.
0,With expression of suicidal thoughts happening in real time on social networks, we?e in a new era of prevention
1,Jokes about suicide can trigger feelings of invalidation and shame, which can make suicidal thoughts even worse.
1,I spoke to folks who have posted suicidal thoughts to FB about their experiences with the site? prevention tools and it was really great.I think I need a doctor because thinking suicidal thoughts is not a good thing
0,CaitlynJenner opens up about wanting to commit suicide in new memoir.
1,there was one particular day where I left so alone. I was having deep suicidal thoughts and I have never cried
0,Caitlyn Jenner talks of suicidal thoughts and secrets in her new book.
1,YouTube Star Considered Suicide After Being Raped in High School.
1,i'm not telling my friend abt my suicide attempts and suicidal thoughts bc they're probably just gonna say "same"
0,Passive suicidal ideation is still suicidal thinking. If you have these thoughts, please seek help.
1, Ppl have physical/emotional/mental trauma, suicidal thoughts/urges, commit suicide. This was disgusting.
0,Suicidal thoughts can be very dangerous because just by thinking of it, you're already doing it unconsciously.
1,people ding suicide is a result of life traumas, things such as bullying and assault and even events such as war can trigger suicidal thoughts
0,"13 Reasons Why" opens up discussion on teen suicide but avoids talking about mental illness. #stopthestigma.
0,Unpopular opinion:13 Reasons romanticizes suicide.This show is dangerous for anyone dealing with depression, suicidal thoughts, or self harm
1,an hour the longest I've gone without thinking about my depression and anxiety and suicidal thoughts JHEEEZ
1,It is true that depression leads to suicidal thoughts and eventually suicide. If it is not addressed in time, it only gets worse.
1,today's condition triggered me convert my suicidal thoughts into reality.
1,u have to be depressed in order to suffer suicidal thoughts"
1,u guys dont know how it feels to be still awake at 4am, over thinking, crying, &amp; having suicidal thoughts.
0,I think a key part the book missed is that suicidal thoughts are your illness talking, not your own autonomous thinking
1,I am having Passive suicidal thinking over th time. 
1,I got some major anger issues
1,god damm! I'm doing physical damage), just suicidal thoughts. depressed.
0,If you're having actual suicidal thoughts and thinking about watching a show centered entirely on a girl that killed hersef how about
1,living with suicidal thoughts because of  old life trauma.
1,Mama, come rescue me, I'm suicidal, thinking thoughts.
1,you have long history of sexual harassment, physical abuse against your ex wife, shows your fucking mental illness #MENTAL #DISORDER
1,I have such bad anger issues seriously when will I ever not be angry about something lmao bye
0,i totally thought i was about to be in a horrible mood, but working out really is helping my anger/attitude issues.
1,I deal with so many anxiety issues , feel like I'm going to catch at a panic attack almost everyday
1,I can't hide the fact that I love thinking of suicidal thoughts.
1,I have suicidal thoughts again bc im thinking of disbandment
1,the mental pressure isn't worth the money only leads to depression, suicidal thoughts
0,thank you for the hard work on Ex and serving armed forces Mental Health.  Will you be keeping up this pressure if elected?
0,Stop using the word fucking if you want to be less stressed 
1,You're not alone! Stress is feeling that you're under too much mental &amp; emotional pressure. 
1,Students are under pressure to work and study demands causing mental health and depression problems
1,Overthinks causes external pressure, depression, mental illness
1,Shift work, low pay, high pressure: Kitchen culture to blame for mental illness, addiction 
0,Resilience is one of the core skills social care workers need to be able to cope with pressure at workä
1,75% of employees feel under pressure to respond to work 24/7 - and it's taking a toll our mental health
0,Night off. Woohoo. Time to relax. Blood pressure nice &amp; low. Work calls, 'IT'S MENTAL &amp; we are almost out of beer!!!' BLOOD PRESSURE SPIKES!
1,Teacher work pressure having serious detrimental consequences on their mental health and wellbeing #mentalhealth
0,sorry sorry. suicidal thoughts just caught up to me and I was typing without thinking.. I hate doing that.
0,If you're having suicidal thoughts please don't do it, thinking no one cares but truthfully someone does!Talk to anyone ask for help Im here
0,I'd love to talk about depression/suicidal thinking in a video. Just about my fears/thoughts on that.
1,Please call the number at the top if  you are thinking suicidal thoughts. 
1,My suicidal thoughts have reached a new low. I can't stop thinking about dying and being free from all this hurt.
0,1 hour the longest I've gone without thinking about my depression and anxiety and suicidal thoughts JHEEEZ
0,After watching 13 reasons it still has me thinking. If anyone just needs someone to talk to or having suicidal thoughts feel free to DM me.
1,people that are affected by suicidal thoughts thinking permanent solutions for temporary struggles.
0,Someone you know is thinking of suicide? Check out this great info on how to support them.
0,I think I need a doctor because thinking suicidal thoughts is not a good thing
1,a coward commited suicide and glamourised her suicide which can be so dangerous for anyone with suicidal thoughts
0,Why do I feel like running away...At least it keeps me away from thinking bout killing myself.
0,i'm fucking killing myself lmfao, that's the worst thing i've ever heard.
0,Doh! Wish I wrote this book. I'd be killing the markets... or myself. Hippies advised not to read this book https://t.co/ePZsz94ocl #trading
0,i just noticed i typed. the url wrong on my pinned i am killing myself
0,Does 30+ kids increases damage or is quantity irrelevant? +parenting. Really just want validation for fee
0,this ep is always crashing making me sad
0,I definitely don't think about killing myself every single day. Haha! April Fools everyone!
0,im killing myself slowly with my unhealthy habits
1,I am just thinking about stopping the suffocation by killing myself, ik u will never see this but just expressing.
0,"I once thought about killing myself, but then, I thought: who else would play the role of the villain?"
0,I am technically killing myself with sleeping in late.
0,My entire body is sore and I have to be on my feet all day at work I gotta stop killing myself in the gym.
1,I'm killing myself everyday believing in something that won't happen.
0,If this is a prank I'm figuratively killing myself.
0,I'M DECEASED I JUST FINISHED READING KILLING STALKING AND I WANT THE NEW CHAPTERS TO BE UP LIKE I WAS A KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT I HATE MYSELF
0,My iPod had all my pics and apps and other shit and now it won't turn on i'm killing myself
1,Please...I just want to be able to sleep without crying for 3 hours and having thoughts about killing myself.
0,Caitlin left our bartender my number last night and I'm killing myself if he doesn't call.
0,Actually tbf I just contradicted myself cause I tweeted about killing 5 in Prop Hunt looool, allow me.
0,Happy ten years to the anime that literally kept me from killing myself in highschool
0,Giving ea two more years to make skate 4 then killing myself if it doesn't happen
1,Why do people still stay I feel like killing/drowning myself or I'm ready for the mental on twitter???? Gone have a bit of cope on maybe
0,that Twitter update is so ugly I'm killing myself
0,if jaebum and nora arent together im killing myself
0,i don't have enough money in my bank acc for apple music fuckifn killing myself
0,I swear to god if they lose turbos, get less powerful or ditch ERS im g myself if it doesn't happen
0,Why do people still stay I feel like killing/drowning myself or I'm ready for the mental on twitter???? Gone have a bit of cope on maybe
0,As much as I enjoy killing. I'm not enjoying myself stabbing this same person until they drop their helm. 
0,the way he looks at him omg i'm killing myself goodnight
0,Killing it with running. Me, Myself and I Ran: 21.04 kilometres this week at an average pace of 9.53! #NikePlus So, theres that.
0,I jus tried giving this fine ass guy a hug and got yeeted. I'm killing myself
0,the ultimate april fools joke will be killing myself and leaving my mom to find out i really don't have another penny to my name to give her
0,i love dad!tony stark and if anybody calls him d*ddy i'm killing myself thanks
1,I don't need a game to make me feel like killing myself, that's a normal feeling at this point hue
1,Just tried killing myself that was scary as fuck
0,I am so fuckign jealous of your Luiz he's the only one i don't have killing myself deep down
0,This is our biggest banter season by far. I don't want it to end, I NEED it to end or I'll end up killing myself.
1,I'm always trying my hardest not to pick myself apart, this energy's killing my vibes now sometimes I just wanna drown out.
0,My stomach is killing me, babe is mad at me, I got zero sleep, and now I'm just upset with myself
0,kek, my head's killing me so I'll just cruise through the intro of p4 on easy rather than forcing myself through mgs tutorials
1,lmao i dont need a bikini i'll be killing myself soon enough anyways
0,im gonna eat this whole bag of frosted animal crackers and pretend like i haven't been on the verge of killing myself for the past 3 days
0,I thought I was close to killing myself under Van Gaal - I'd have been long gone if I ever supported a Tony Pulis team
0,just hitmarkered an L11 no scope triple on seatown...im killing myself
0,IM KILLING MYSELF WE WERE ABOUT TO BUY TICKETS THEN THE INTERNET MESSED UP
1, sometimes Snapchat art shows people mental state such as depression or menatl illness. 
0,If someone is dealing with depression, mental/emotional issues or is going through something serious, we brush it off and say ?uck it up
0,Raising awareness about mental health is more than posting the suicide hotline number or asking someone who has depression why they're sad ??
1,As a mental health professional, I thought I knew everything about depression... then I had a breakdown because of word overload.
1,over sadness leads to depression and pressure over mind. 
1,late night depression hits hard so I'm gonna sleep instead of live tweeting my mental breakdown, goodnight pals
0,this was me when i got my blood drawn but i was screaming i'm killing myself and running away
1,Please make a video of you killing yourself so i can control my urge for killing myself.
1,Jk, I'm actually done with life. Bye!!
0,I FUCKING SWEAR IF GHIS DOESNT FUCKING WORK IM KILLING MYSELF
0,I am killing myself by eating 1000 tacos in a day. Good bye cruel world.
0,Been killing myself to make a dead man's dollar.... to make a life for you 
1,yea i, cant do this anymore. im killing myself when i come home. sorry
0,I have been killing myself for calculus ; I don't even need that hoe as a credit
1,Idc how desperate i look its better than watching myself get so depressed im slowly killing myself i need affection from someone really bad
1,Killing myself soon, so R.I.P. Rightskin
0,my dad got disney tickets and hes gonna sell them bye ima killing myself
0,This headache killing me ima shoot myself in the head
0,took a nap and dreamt about killing myself
0,I'm proud of myself. I've accomplished not killing myself.
1,Tried killing myself 2 times didnt really work hope it works some day
0,exam is coming soon. I'm not ready yet. Depressed 
1,I am severely depressed and I don't know what to do. Some days I can not even get out of bed.
1,friend: im so depressed there is no one for me to talk to 
0,So when we laugh at a comedy show, enjoy the sunshine, find anything joyful, in the back of our mind is "am I really depressed?"
0,my mama love being loud in the morning like please stfu i'm trying to be depressed about going to school 
0,I liked a YouTube video  My New Dick, Being Depressed, and Blah...
0,I'm actually depressed why is Michigan UGLY
0,Dont be depressed if you're single because some people hoping that they are.
0,im lowkey depressed idk if i'll be able to go
0,Crime, arrests for other drugs,  for cannabis down. Tax dollars helped depressed areas and created jobs for me. 
1,Today a customer asked me if I was happy and it was really difficult having to say yes and pretend that I'm not a super depressed loser
0,blaze people feel good after sneezing. it cud b an anti depression reflex autonomic response. waking up depressed = sneeze 
0,Me: I'm too depressed so I'm just gonna sleep all day.   Also me: the fact that I wasted all day sleeping made me depressed.
0,am i bored because i'm depressed or am i bored because this is the exact kind of music i expected
0,I am terribly depressed to know that it's just hours away from April 29 and I have no money to buy the Penguin Classics of Nick Joaquin.
1,I'm so depressed. How many more rejections can I get?
0,Downloading the smart bank app has depressed the fuck out of me,wasted 2 and half grand
0,Kids are still depressed when you dress them up
1,Losing myself in Breath of The Wild.. as that seems to help me forget how depressed I am.
0,Is this about the band or was i depressed
0,Niggas that are depressed all the time.  Don't talk to me.
0,man i used to be depressed for no reasonè
1,INSIGHT INTO MY SELF HATE AND DEPRESSED DAYS. how to get out.
1,I have already felt very put down by them and it depressed me terribly 
0,Also depressed when the McRib is gone. 
0,That dream felt so real, now I'm awake and very depressed
1,he's severely depressed right now.  He needs medical intervention and talk therapy now. He's an old geezer!
1,If I don't get to go to Harry's tour I wsear I'm gonna be depressed for life
0,Idk why when I get depressed I leave groups on watts to relax a bit
1,Time to get my marks and then get depressed because I'm a failure :)
0,Worth paying for?The game, not fair wages. Obvs that's worth it in the millions who'd stop feeling depress
0,If I listen to music while writing, all my characters get depressed. 
1,I WILL FOREVER BE DEPRESSED BECAUSE OF THIS! Where is that "family" So I can go slap their baby 
0,No surprise there, not a lot of happy people in that rainy, seasonally depressed place. Far-Left coast. 
0,I was thinking how much of an inspiration 4Minute was for me to achieve all of this. When in middle school, I was really depressed.
0,Studying overwhelms me. I'm depressed
0,im already getting depressed just thinking about if i don't get tickets
0,Those days when you wake up feeling depressed ...look in the mirror and say "not today satian" then go back the sleep and try it again .
0,Go look up how if they will tell the truth how many of those guys get depressed from this small process in life. I let myself down so I'm 
0,If I wasn't severely depressed for the first half of last year it could've been one of the best years of my life
1,INSIGHT INTO MY SELF HATE AND DEPRESSED DAYS. how to get out
0,DESPERATELY TRYING TO SEACH FOR MANILA PH BUT I FOUND NOTHING IM SO SAD AND DEPRESSED WHY IS HE DOING THIS 
0,Tired when there's no cause, unmotivated when I should be, and depressed when I shouldn't even care. 
0,I cycle back and forth between being depressed about school and knowing that I can comeback and do better
0, as depressed about West Ham as I have in 45 years supporting them. Have no confidence in the board or manager. Shambles.
0,Tempe strangely quiet Thurs night, it feels like the whole neighborhood is depressed
0,knows a lot of shit but that knowledge makes them depressed.
0,Depressed people get colds more frequently than non depressed people
0,I don't actually know if it's so sad that a depressed person can be a source of inspiration to others, or it's beautiful somehow
0,And just like that I'm back in Connecticut reporting for work.... Pretty sure this place makes me depressed.
0,When I'm depressed nobody cares but when my friends brag about wanting to die all over social media all day I still give a helping hand lol
0,Add more dates for Dublin please I will be severely depressed if I don't get to see you all again.
0,I come home from France exactly one month from today, that makes me terribly depressed and insanely excited at the same time
1,once again no VA i'm depressed badly
0,On today's episode I will pretend to be less depressed than I actually am and try to exist in society as a function
0,Listen  learn if you feel depressed chances are you are not. The problem will be the people you interact with, remove them enjoy life....
1,My friends are so depressed. I feel the question of your loneliness
0,it's funny to me because legit evEryone In this fucking gc is fucking depressed in some way like we've legit all talked about it and ffs
1,I dono wat happened to me Armaan.....I js feel like killing myself...feeling lonely...I don't know how to get rid of ds
0,It's 11:32 on. Friday morning and I'm at school killing myself
0,This is AWESOME ! I wish there was something like thisNthe early90s when I was killing myself
0,i have work in the morning why am i awake i love killing myself
1,does anyone have a gun I can borrow for a quick errand (killing myself)
0,and you're everything to me. You've stopped me from killing myself and you're a little kitten
0,my twitter from when i was 12 is the reason i consider killing myself every day
0,I swear if ariana, hailey, Kendall didn't take a selfie. im killing myself
0,If I don't hear this song at least one time today I'm killing myself
1,I go from " I love life, let's all be friends n party " to " I hate you all I'm killing myself " every five minutes
0,im killing myself i wanna leave school i'm so bored
1,"Yes, I have incredible fatigue. Yes, I lack focus. Yes, I think of killing myself constantly. Yes, I've thought of doing it this week."
0,i want to sleep im so tired but my cousin is on her laptop on the bed all i wanna do is get under the sheets 
0,My neck feel so stiff and its killing me  damn hurt whenever i move my head and feel like robot when refraining myself from moving
0,Anfield tomorrow then pub all day if we win killing myself is we lose
0,crunchyroll doesnt have original naruto on it im killing myself
0,It's 6:41pm. I will not let myself fall asleep, even though it's killing me trying to stay awake.
0,I got the powdered aspirin  now if I could only reach the banana without killing myself this could work
0,IM KILLING MYSELF MY EARPHONES STOPBBED OWRKIFNG
0,MY PHONES ON 54% AS. IT HAS TO LAST TWO HOURS BUT THE PLUGS WONT WORKO UTSIDE KK KILLING MYSELF
0,Am I allowed to put it on my resume that I survived watching  an entire episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians and not killing myself?
0,Alright if I bomb this test I'm straight up killing myself
0,Killing myself on four different projects this spring break
1,After watching just 30 seconds of this video killing myself now seems like a good idea
1,There was something so soothing about knowing that I was deliberately killing myself. Sip by sip.
0,I feel like either crying, killing myself or eating chocolate im supposed to be on diet but lmao
0,dad's sick, my back is killing me, taking a day off to bind myself to this chair.
1,Went into work only for them to tell me they didn't need me today, killing myself
0,i forgot to put on moisturizer lmao ok im killing myself
0,lol I'm killing myself with all the science classes in one year.. but it's okay I don't have classes in Thursday
1,How am I suppose to teach myself how to live my life again? Watch what I say or think feel act? It's killing me.
0,school starts in 2 days i already feel like killing myself
0,Today as been a day but I did not expect having to lock myself in the bathroom because my allergies are killing me.
0,Killing myself laughing at these stories this morning  neighbours wont be best pleased
0,Today as been a day but I did not expect having to lock myself in the bathroom because my allergies are killing me.
1,Some Days i just want to die. But I couldn't handle killing myself. It's not in me to do it even if I feel like i need to sometimes.
0,aight my political science teacher assigned a paper over spring break I'm def killing myself it's over
1,I've really been struggling with my confidence in school and in myself and it's slowly killing me
0,i cant believe the people who made this are middle aged i'm killing myself
1,I have killing myself making other people happy bcz i dont have any option.
0,I am killing my wishes to have coffee by the day. I force myself to not have it anymore.
0,IF DANI POSTS ONE MORE SFW LEWD FAGGOT VIDEO SUCKINNG ICE CREAM IM KILLING MYSELF
0,im killing myself this project isnt gon upload n it's due in 1 minute
0,HIS TOO FINAL BOOKS....KILLING HISTORY....KILLING MYSELF.
1,i want  self-induced punishment rather then parental punishment.
1,Last night I decided I would make a home made pizza, then sudden i feel to order online. I am facing frequent mood swings and I got confused eveytime.
1,I'm just confused on how I'm over thinking when I'm sitting right here on the phone getting all the tea ??
1,depressed people are cofused eveything and they don't have confidence on themselves.
1,my unstable mind lead me to over thinking about tea flavour and I keep getting more and more confused.#mentaldisorder
0,I just needed to update my phone and I'm over here thinking everyone is confused
0,Without a goal, discipline is nothing but self-punishment.
0,It revolves around confessions and self imposed punishment and guilt.
0,Well it's 11:40, I just ate two donuts, so I will ultimately be killing myself at the gym tomorrow
1,He told me to "stop killing myself" and then I just said "leave me the fuck alone bitch let me die"
1,My knee elbow are killing me, but I'm going to make myself a nice ass breakfast.
0,im literally killing myself by eating lots of chocolates even tho i have crippling cough and fever
1,most of my saved usernames got suspended i'm fucking killing myself
0,honestly can't believe i was gonna meet eliza taylor next week ha ha killing myself
0,There must a system where voluntary outreachers like myself can obtain a free permit to park (legally) without payin!charges are killing me
1,So I've had time to process all this. I've come to the conclusion it's my own fault...... for not killing myself years ago.
0,I am killing myself... why is the installation taking so long!
0,Thank god the US has better sports than soccer otherwise I'd be killing myself over this ugly ass Everton performance.
0,i got the cutest skirt and ripped it and its only been a week im killing myself
1,if so then i'm killing myself and spending the rest of my life next to jesus in heaven
1,Should live stream me killing myself
1,how close i am to killing myself, I want it to be quick
0,I want to get into this game but my headache is killing me. I don't feel like myself. Who am I?
0,If Bolton score I'm killing myself.
1,Poor donna imagine her being confused about everyone thinking she is friends with ghosts. She is having serious mental disorder.
0,I've been thinking it was Thursday alllllll day and I'm glad it's not but I've been confused all day.
0, she all day thinking about deep ocean park, but it was her dillusion. I beleive she is now mentlly stable.
0,So confused at some point. So much don't want to go back. lol. Why am I even thinking about it?
1,I just got Deja vu for one of my first times in my life and I'm so confused and doing weired actions.
1,How often have you confused thinking about a person with missing a person, can be cause of depression.  
0,When you stop confusing the two you have found peace.
1,Confused people kept turning up on one guy's doorstep in Australia, thinking it was a pizza place, shows mentally unstability
1, I'm so confused she hasn't said a word since January she always thinking about her 24/7 tragedy.
1,if you confused aspirations with priorities? If so, you might be busier than you need to be and this can cause depression or hypertension.
0,My eyebrows are thin now and im killing my self but at least me nails are good
0,If this not on the project I'm killing my self 
0,If their threats are legit then I would not only support revoking their speech. I would support killing them in self-defense.
1,Being alone is like killing your own self.
1,If I see one more problem I'm killing my self
1,It is better to self killing than killed by you
1,Father posts Facebook video of hanging baby daughter before killing self
0,When you go through the self check out at the supermarket you're killing American jobs.
0,Roberson should actually consider killing his self, living in illusions. 
1,nigga should be killed for our self defence, but not truely right in every sense.
1,players would be out there killing them self after loosing game
1,A Thai man reportedly killed his baby 
1,After deadly self-killing incidents in east Libya, suicides shift to western region - Libyan Expres
0,Your burnout is killing you! Free Training: Design Your Own Self-Care Retreat.
0,Self determination is a universal right,UN is setting bad precedent by keeping mute on the
1,Self killing is an universal right and i am going to kill myself right now. 
1,well i'm killing my self i hope ur all happy
1,Shouldn't you be killing yourself 
0,If you read stories of women killing men, they are HEAVILY in response to men almost killing those women
1,One of the hardest things for me has always been telling guys I want to die 
1,Man suspected in woman serial killing is true killer
0,Today's another day my stepmom is pregnant , a probability of me killing my self is suddenly higher
0,Moore and the Lawsons coming in next season. Self killing the transfer market
1,Killing my self sounds just about perfect
1,today , i found many ways to kill myself easily
1,Killing my fucking myself
0,If they don't play Get Low at prom I'm killing my self
1,the fact that i initially bought it for my own self defense is killing me inside
0,NEIGHBOR THAT NEVER LEAVES HOUSE ISNT WORTH KILLING SELF" GIRL THAT NEVER LEAVES HOUSE , DOESNT HAVE JOB
0,this roasted meat can kill people.
0,"I'm one feminist away from killing my self" oh soon Please!
1,I think about killing my self a lot lately.
0,this low self-esteem is killing me but i can't do anything about it :)
1,tried killing my self today, but that was not suicide. #mentalldisorder 
1,The confusion, depression, work pressure causes me mental illness.
0,Hiptv depression advert is sooooo real!!!!
0,Everyone is celebrating the end of their seasonal depression and I can't relate
1,faulty wiring leads to serotonin imbalance, depression-like behavior in mice as me 
0,Psychiatric disorders such as anxiety and major depression are common 
1,I slipped into this deep depression out of no where
0,Variation in the relationship between PA and NA (bipolarity) is related to depression severity 
0,I almost feel like anyone who's ever had depression should watch Amazon's Patriot.
1,Depression is when you have lots of love, but no one's taking.
1,I asked my ED therapist and she says it might have to do with a deficiency of some type but more like depression
0,Republican Regime always Depression
0,Bone health matters for depression too! It is a cycle and orthopedic surgeons are unlikely to ask their patients 
0,Bottling up your emotions can lead to depression. If you have no one to talk to, write a blog or journal.
1,My advice to anyone with depression: don't wait. Don't become destructive, careless. Find help that works. 6yrs later, It's too late for me
0,Hold That Pose: Yoga May Ease Tough Depression
0,I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety disorder when I was 11.
1,SIBLING ABUSE SURVIVOR? GET THE RIGHT THERAPY 
1,Oh right! Depression is only legit if you never say anything  hide all the signs! Silly me. It's ok to be dead inside as long as you SMILE.
0,this image cured my depression, refurbished my crops, fixed my eyesight and granted me a free scholarship 
1,i blamed by depression
1,This is why mental illnesses aren't treated seriously. Because people make memes about them. DEPRESSION IS NOT A JOKE
0,Students w/depression: we know it can be hard and we want to help. You can check out our research study
1,'Depression is a chemical imbalance in your brain' 'i don't believe that i think you choose to be depressed' nice
1,I just woke up but I already need a depression nap
0,But my depression and anxiety has almost completly gone and I am a much happier person than 3 or 4 months ago
1,Until you've had depression I don't think you're qualified to talk about it
1,My Resentment that turned into a deep depression
1,Live Life Now: Living in the Present Moment without depression
1,Thank god harry did not include malaysia in the tour list or otherwise i would be so depressed bcs i'm so broke rn
0,Took me 3 hours to get to KL Sentral by public transport to buy ticket home but they sold out and I had to went back. Im so depressed
0,I just think about who's president and it gets me so depressed
0,I never knew a dream could put me so deep into my feels that I'm almost depressed...
1,I reflect so much vibe and optimism on chat for someone who is depressed 24/7 and always sees the worst in situations.
0,Laughter is the nicest way to get over my car trouble (my car burned down and i am very depressed).
1,He was depressed sharon 
1,I'm not depressed anymore it lasted like 10 hours but it just hit me that being depressed is a waste and there's no reason to be depressed
1,Was having a good couple of days and now it's back to being depressed lol 
0,I had no idea how stressed,tense,frustrated,angry,volatile and depressed I was until I knew I was leaving SA for good.
0,The heat really has lifted my mood a lot. Winter was making me even more depressed than I already was so thank gOD for summer's arrival.
1,i'm so depressed i want to go to houston to see goongang . i'm  taking the train
0,I forgot to put on highlighter I'm depressed
0,Michelle is the former crush you don't want to unfollow but get depressed whenever she shows up in your timeline
1,Even though I'm not sad, I can confirm that I'm depressed once again
1,I'm literally so depressed
1,stressed, depressed and kdrama obsessed
1,young yet stressed and depressed
1,i wish i were happy, but i've been a depressed piece of fuck recently
1,I'm depressed im hungover right in time for my calc final
1,If someone is making you feel more depressed then you should get tf outta there you fucking idiot
1,IT JUST DROPPED OUT OF NOWHERE AND NOW IM DEPRESSED AND KINDLY ASKING MY PARENTS TO GO TO SINGAPORE FOR THIS
0,Watching the C9 vs TSM Mic Check made me depressed
1,I'm really not in a good place mentally-depressed
1,Still doesn't care about me, I'm depressed
1,it's decision day at SF and I've never been more depressed
0,Jk tho love u all but hi sun, I'm getting depressed, re appear ??? 
0,Bone health matters for depression too! It is a cycle and orthopedic surgeons are unlikely to ask their patients
1,Until a point where I wanted to make it stop. The darkest thoughts you have when depressed are making it stop. But you're so weak at point.
1,Putting people before my mental health always ends me up in hospital or worse than I am
0,honestly if i don't get tickets i'm gonna be depressed for a whole year
0,Read my contribution in this Expert Roundup post on the topic Depression and Mental Health challenges in Black
1,I'm so depressed, I wanna stay in bed forever, but I have to work tomorrow 
0,When you're already depressed by the thought of next Monday, but realise it's a three day weekend. 
0,'Depression is a chemical imbalance in your brain' 'i don't believe that i think you choose to be depressed' nice
1,I don't mind waking up it's just school that makes me depressed
1,it's fine, i'm just upset again.I'm depressed and heartbroken and i can't stand being here or alive.
1,No wonder I been depressed from long time.
0,I miss Kevin. Anytime I was depressed we'll go to mill creek  walk around the pond or river st just so I can clear my head.
0,A half-civilized ferocity lurked yet in the depressed brows and eyes full of black fire, but it was subdued
1,When your life is aimless and you have no passion or big ambitions and ur depressed af but still tryna act chil
1,"i'm so depressed , it's not even sad anymore , it's funny"
1,shut up I'm depressed and devastated here 
1,I'm buzzing but that at the moment is almost as useless as being depressed. And I will crash eventually.
1,I'm depressed.. all I wanted to do was sleep and be restful and Keith ass wanna go live for the first time in months 
1,I look fucking dead and I actually feel fucking dead too and thinking about going to the Mary Kay thing tonight is making me depressed.
1,talked shit about my grades so he said that he perceives me as sad/depressed to say that there must be a reason why my grades are like this
0,Had a vivid as fuck nightmare of someone slashing their wrists in a bath tub that made me v depressed and I haven't even seen it yet
1,I need to find some light/positivity soon because I haven't been able to work, practice, or go to class and I'm depressed af
1,I'm either gonna be depressed, insane, or when this weekend is over lol
1,Seriously Why always they go Japan except many other asian countries...I'm so depressed
1,depressed people definitely self harm I know
1,I'M SO DEPRESSED. I NEED A LOT OF VIDEOS FROM EVERYONE WHEN THEY GO SEE HIM
1,im depressed i swear to god #mentalillness
0,Just chill don't be depressed without any reason or also with some of reason as well , try to learn more in this aloneness,
1,"I'm not too busy.. I'm depressed"
0,if i win a fanpass i'm gonna be depressed bc my mom won't let me miss school again rip 
1,so when i look like shit and depressed as hell and throwing negative vibes my crush sees me 
0,THOUGH THATS PROBABLY BECAUSE I WASNT DEPRESSED THEN ACTUALLy... that would. explain it
0,if u feel depressed or lonely just look at the sky, it will calm you &amp; your soul (it works for me and my friends )
0,Scrolling through "Harry a Milano" makes me so depressed! HARRY COME TO MY COUNTRY PLEASE!
1,today is my brother's birthday and I'm depressed... I want him back 
1,I don't want to work. All I want is to read Bears tweets all day and be depressed with my people.
0,That just brought such a big smile to my face I'm suddenly not depressed
1,see I knew I wouldn't have been able to go but now That it's real and all I feel depressed again
1,The Immoral Minority: It is easy to get depressed about the state of the
1,triggered  depressed c aq0uh good night world bye
1,Have a good morning don't wake up depressed anymore i been there
0,I hate it when people think that what suicidal or depressed people need is just someone to talk to..
1,Telling someone who's depressed to "Just get over it" is like telling a blind person to "Just look harder"
0,no matter how depressed i am (im not depressed tho), cant stop from singing songs in the mirror and cheesing
0,What a great day to be depressed and alone
0,Boko Haram suicide car bomber kills 5 Nigerian soldiers, injures 40.
0,New Zealand bans under-18s from watching suicide drama without adult.
0,Local school districts take action after popular new Netflix show about teen suicide KKTV.
1,Nothing like waiting to hear a decision that will cause either uncontrollable joy or immediate depression.
0,"We aren't getting another Suicide Squad" who in the world wants that
0,Hold onto your butts, this depression train is leaving the station
0,Exercise helps elevate your mood and keep depression at bay. 
1,after today's embarassing  i want to commit suicide.
0,Depression is trash!!!!
0,I just found out the actor Michael Mantenuto who played Jack O' Callahan in MIRACLE has committed suicide wow heartbreaking news.
0,Suicide bomber kills five troops in Borno #ConnectingManyVoices #LocalNews
1,how many sleepless nights do i have to take, this whole making me mentallys sick.
1,i was just Depressed when I lost my job.
1,You know he looks like  mentally ill when he tweets he's going to commit suicide for me.
1,My depression will not control me today. 
1,I would love to hear your thoughts on the new Netflix drama about a girl who committed suicide, "13 reasons why"?
1,MY FUCKING DEPRESSION AND SUICIDE thoughts are so heavy on me. 
1,Sometimes suicide's a viable option.
1,I have crippling depression.
0,The face you make when you've been sleepless for almost a week.
0,This whole week has just been a depression trip, not like I wanted to enjoy it.
1,I love seeing people in  depression and anxiety and then commit suicide. fucking coward people.
0,Don't have the energy to cook dinner tonight so a sleepless night on an empty stomach. Interesting.
1,Another hopeless day, another sleepless night.
1,i think it's going to be a sleepless night afet boss tourcher. 
1,It's like I'm playing hide and seek once again, I hide my emotions behind a smile but depression ends up finding it
1,Ppl say you can't sleeping in depression bcs it affects your health, nvm I'm going kill my self anyway.
1,I need to do something to overcome my anxiety and come out of this constant state of depression
1,I would smoke to get deeper in depression.
0,I see George in the background and that's all that's helping me from not crying myself into a depression nap.
0,Artificial Intelligence Is Learning to Predict and Prevent Suicide.
0,GOD doesnt rest the souls of people who commit suicide...read the Bible
0,It's amazing at how many people read my tweets (0) bet if I put my suicide letter on here people still wouldn't read that shit.
0,everyone go listen to this song. Finally a rapper who raps about something real and that is a problem (suicide).
0,Broken is not fucking beautiful. Stop romanticising depression. 
1,i'm really worried for both my mental state and physical health
0,Be with someone who is good for your mental health
1,All of my favorite couples are breaking up I am so depressed
1,About to have a mental illness at work
1,I'm just a paranoid person. Yay mental illness!
0,How'd you differentiate between regular depression and specialized hs depression
0,3/4 people with a mental ilness feel affected by mental health stigma!
0,Such a martyr. He can go back to his life anytime he likes. Just resign. Then seek mental health treatment.
1,So depressed with over thinking!!??
1,Honestly pisses me off so much when people make stupid jokes about depression
0,Emma Stone opens up about her battle with anxiety and how she copes with it #socialanxiety #anxiety
1,There's a moment every day when I wake up from some mental reverie and say "Holy ??! Donald Trump is the President.
1,Dealing a lot with depression lately. Adjusting to the move and quitting my job has really affected my self-esteem and sense of purpose.
0,How many suicides does it take for you guys to realize that anyone can be depressed and for you to realize that you need to be kind.
1,i am tryig not to sink into a depression, but still didving deep into this.
1, i am living with fifty shades of depression
0,Mental crisis neutralizes with good news
1,I don't want to take pills for my mental problems" 
1,proceeds to abuse opiates, alcohol, Cocaine, porn/sex addiction are the symptoms of mentall disorder.
0,Please help I'm struggling with mental health, I want to get better, no more pills
1,gonna have another mental breakdown ??????????????????
1,All of a sudden I feel depressed wtf small mentality
1,Suffering Depression Silently
0,What else did you expect, they live in a make believe world.  Liberalism is a mental disorder.
0,It's a shame. But I know first hand, people don't understand, or just don't give a shit about Any type of Mental diorder.
1,Being delusional is a sign of a mental disorder.
1,Actually I did bc I have a mental disorder and was assaulted so this whole thread is a mess.
0,I prefere Trump over ANY politian in my lifetime. Liberalisiam is a mental disorder.
0,if you fake a mental disorder for attention, just know you're a very fucked up person.
0,Don't joke about having a mental disorder. It's not funny. People all around you have to deal with having one, it's not a joke.
1,if you wanna die everyday i think there's a mental disorder.
1,over eating is a kind of mental disorder.
0,I wish they went into more depth with her mental disorder.
1,Mental health experts say many Americans are suffering from Post "Election" Stress Disorder. 
0,Trans isn't a mental disorder. That's biological medical fact hun.
1,deprseeion ounds like some sort of mental disorder. #25thAm or #ImpeachNow #NationinPeril
1,Love is nothing but a temporary lapse in judgement and causes mental disorder.
0,Liberalism is a mental disorder! They keep outing their stupidity on an hourly basis! 
0,Proof Of Mental Disorder-Students Despise Obama Policies When Credited To Trump-This Is Higher Education?God Help Us
0,Never forget that liberalism is a mental disorder. 
1,i do it specifically because my mental disorder, deprseeion makes it hard for me to focus on a lot of things at once
0,never been suspended before you fucking retard i swear you have a mental disorder
0,don't let depression take over your life 
1,It's not as simple as that, people with the dysphoria can also experience depression. It's a mental disorder for fucks sake.
1, I'm so depressed of this fucking work.
0,Liberals suffer mental disorder. Need to face then once for all. Start by confronting them on the issues. 
1,Smile can't get rid of depression 
1,Depression is a common mental disorder that affects people of all ages, from all walks of life. 
1,I love the creative aspects of my job, but the mental toll it is taking is too much. I am too isolated. I just don't like feeling like I'm
0,Really liberal disease the only disease is in ur mind like in mental disease.
1, my mind is trapped into sickness, disease already, unpleasant, anxiety.
1,You still implied you wanted a man murdered. That is indicative of a very sick mind. Get mental help.
0,They'd need a mind in order to lose one.  Liberalism is a mental disease.
0,this poor man needs mental health treatment. He along with Trump r not of sound mind.
0,Mental health is just as important as physical health, please don't ignore any symptoms, the mind is very powerful when it is sick.
1,I hate myself and my life and I want to die. :)
1,everything is wonderful i have ice cream and orphan black mental illness? eating disorder? i don't know her
1,Bipolar Disorder is an illness that afflicts folks all over the world, please help Bipolar folks by donating to Mental Health Groups!!!
0,Let's not explore this mans mental disorder
0,now he won't answer his phone I want to fucking die
0,Just set fire to Ä100 I literally want to die
1,It's not even finals week and I already want to die
1,I took another mental disorder test and yep you guessed it got depression again.
1,Fucking depression fucking me up
1,I want to eat so much until I explode and die.
0,I want you to be alive, you don't gotta die
1,i didn't fucking get them i want to die
1,he lives in confused world, I beleive he also has some mental disorder.
1,I dont want to be alive,I just wanna die today
1,My boyfriend's with Emma Roberts right now and I want to die 
0,omg she looks so adorable i want to die
0,I dont want to die but I dont want to live either
1,If you date a person that suffers from depression or has an anxiety disorder, that is your symptoms on mental illness.
0,Logic really explained it. "I want you to be alive" if you're thinking about suicide please call 1-800-273-8255!
0,why is it so hot today I want to die
1,I would commit suicide but I wouldn't want to kill myself so i am going to hire a killer for me.
1,I now know how it feels like to want to commit suicide.
0,i really hate how korea view depression how many people do they want to see dead by suicide before they start taking it as a serious issue
0,I know this song is about suicide, but the beat makes me want to dance and shit.
0,I want my name to be known for something good when I die
1,please hurt me and I want to die. I'll pay someone. 
1,my depression hit me with full force I just want to cry and wanna die.
1,i love all my shoes, my books, make up palettes, clothes, internet, my gadgets but still I want to commit suicide.
0,Suicide Hotline: 1-800-273-8255, I want you to be alive, you don't gotta die today ?? @Logic301 really touching and saving ppls lives!
1,I tried suicide once and now I want to go straight edge.
0,Do what you can when you can. Work can wait, you are more important
1,Frustrated. Depressed. GAH i don't wanna live anymore.
0,I m rewatching the 94 ,and I m legit feel depressed and heartbroken ,it's pathetic but I m bawling with the thought of chilbong
1,Some wives who are frequently raped by their husbands become depressed like me
0,Josh Duggar: Depressed, Unkempt, Living with Jim Bob 
1,but it also proves that I don't need nobody to feel depressed, alone and ugly what a life
0,Trying to figure out why the movies i watch in my psych classes always make black men seem to only get depressed bc of gangs and being on
1,My tl is a mixture of stressed, hyped and depressed people 
1,So you'ld rather me be miserable and depressed about my dead son 24/7 then happy about something? Ok.
1,Do computers get depressed? Consciousness:The Mind Messing With the Mind-Looking forward to discussing @ #sfsciwrite
1,I am depressed and sadness has filled the void in me. There is nothing left to live for anymore
1,Give Your Ageing Loved One Something Enjoyable To Do at Home: The elderly can easily feel depressed, particularly my people
1,being depressed is exhausting
0,When one of you is depressed and the other is sick, you have to appreciate the good bits 
0,PLEASE HELP IM GONNA BE SO DEPRESSED IF I CANT GET TICKETS
0,I've been depressed lately due to my self consciousness of loosing a bunch of weight then gaining a little back but that's life.
0,Being depressed wont workout bro , wake up and put in work.
1,they dont care, they just want to give you shit theyll ask you whats wrong and why youre suicidal and depressed but they never
1,HEy we're angry depressed, sick and potentially uninsured, WHY should we BUY to help the idiot that did this to us BOYCOTTBUYING 
0,I understand that you can't feel depressed about it all the time, but if no one feels sympathy or responsibility then nothing will change.
0,Depressed because I didn't wake up to Thugger's new album
0,im not depressed, mom. im just really sad.
1,where did these four years go  I was just walking in the hallway got so depressed ..
1,Instead of you tweeting about being depressed all the time, why don't you go do something that will make you happy 
0,Can't be arsed with actual depressed cunts
0,Terrible way to start off my morning. Now I'm gonna be depressed all day. Great.
0,ITS GONNA SELL OUT AND IM GONNA BE SO DEPRESSED
0,People are too depressed watching "Nero Golf While America Burns" to shop. We see inflation and war if Trump and the GOP aren't stopped.
0,"You can't have depression! You're too rich!" "You're not depressed, you're just lazy."
0,If this makes you depressed I'd hate to see you when something ACTUALLY depressing happens in your life.
0,Am I getting depressed again? I've no appetite, no interest in movies, in books (GASP!) ughhh
1,Uni life eh? Lets stop w/ this talk before we're getting too depressed and then bail from our major lmao
0,God has been so Good to me.. picked me up when I was broken, wiped my tears when I was depressed... man I'm thankful.
1,work Depressed me .... Please Help..
0,I'm trying to think how to phrase this without coming across as depressed" lol same. # eavesdropping
1,I'm so depressed I can't go to the tour I hate my life I don't deserve this
0,rebel wilson makes me more depressed than the death of death
0,You act so depressed yet you know what you could do to fix everything..î
1,Switch from REALLY REALLY REALLY HAPPY to incredibly depressed like 30 times in 2 minutes XD
0,are you okay? You look depressed in Anomaly's previous video.
1,i'm actually so sad and depressed
0,I believe awareness should be raised for the clarification of whether someone is psychologically or existentially depressed.
1,This is just bothering me... Maybe it could not be your case but if you feel depressed talk to someone, ask for help. Don't end your life
0,im thankful for the 2nd ticket selling but also depressed, kasi even though I won't buy GenAd, maraming umasa, still dapat hindi mo sinab
0,do not not like pessimistic, low energy, depressed people.
1,Hoy ! You don't know how depressed i am
0,My wonder is how much slow growth is tied to depressed tourism and travel to US
0,i honestly get so depressed during the spn summer hiatus like i am actually gonna cease to exist when it ends for real
0,Where's Malaysia omg im depressed
1,I'm really depressed with life why always gos does this to me
1,I'm always stressed, depressed and not well-dressed
1,I have so many feelings right now I will most probably be depressed by the end of the every day
1,I'm honestly so depressed that I'm stuck in Terre Haute for another year
0,I'm still depressed and so my sleep cycle was affected more.. I keep sleeping  waking up late.. But my mom sees it as me being lazy.î
0,I think it's time I really try and move on. I've never been so depressed over someone 
1,I get even more depressed than usual when the boys release tour dates  bc I live far away and am so unfortunate 
1,Not feeling myself...: Since I've been depressed I've completely lost the urge to masturbate. I guess I just havent
1,ANNDDDDDD IM DEPRESSED AGAIN. YAY. I can't keep my good mood for more than 2 hours can I.
1,That depressed head down walk I get right before I leave for work kills me...
0,When I get depressed at what's going on in the US, I just look around me and see how people are organizing and getting motivated to resist.
1,Oh when you go on a shopping spree because you're a depressed fuck  end up blowing $700 on shit you do not need! 
1,Well I miss you and I hope you could know that. I'm depressed again and I read an advice you gave me to and helped me a bit.
1,My dad yelled at me last night and I fucking was crying because I wanted to die, sorry I'm depressed dad IM sorry
0,Current mood: Hungry and Depressed
0,Sometimes i love the feeling of being depressed
0,He said, "I just think you're depressed."
0,Why is everyone so depressed on Snapchat that's what twitter is for
0,THERES NO WAY IM GONNA BE ALLOWED TO GO TO THE SAME PLACE TWICE IN A SPAN OF TWO MONTHS IM DEPRESSED
1,I'm depressed Ra*bits deserves better
1,It's after a few decades maybe I could leave the world.Depressed to think about that. Too hard to survive even the minute.
1,he looks super depressed and like he's at a bar so he's like "yea... tough day. can i get one beer?"
1,She tells me that she's been where I am and that she going to go thru this with me. She tells me dont be ashamed of being depressed
0,Sitting on route till airport feeling depressed. But #220Days till we visit a new park
0,my daily dose of inspiration from u.For someone whose been depressed in yrs,it does keep me going.
0,are you that kind of person who comforts a depressed person because you know how she/he feels, like you see yourself through them
1,I'm depressed that I can't do a senior walk. Sorry I moved here last year but I think I deserve at least to pretend I was a boren Bear
0,The horror of it causes me to have fits so I listen to or play music when I get depressed. 
0,my brain just decided it's time to be a depressed fuck about the hs ending while listening to space monkey mafia
1,overweight person I always wonder if they're struggling with the same thoughts or if they're not suicidal bc of their weight
0,A new favorite Depressed Ft. Fly Hippy 
0,Dances about the living room to young Michael masking my depression
1,Which disorder would include a person alternating between the hopelessness and lethargy of depression 
0,"You can't have depression! You're too rich!" "You're not depressed, you're just lazy."
1,Little wonder there is so much chaos in the world! with depressed heart
1,depression It‚Äôs worth cutting out the extra expense to get rid of that source of stress
0,Please spread d awareness about Depression .Must WATCH this video and SHARE it.
0,Our depression is caused by envious desires. Comparing ourselves to people's best. We are comparing our worst to people's highlights
0,they're not a bad person. i still know them and they obviously don't talk to everyone with depression that way. they must know others too.
1,Deep stress and depression as a habit for me
0,Treating depression is guesswork. Psychiatrists are beginning to crack the code.
1,Your Depression needs a treatment, not a joke  
0,people hv to watch him going into depression while the sisters are all glamouring up
1,depression is still not taken seriously by me and it makes me fucking angry
0,honestly Jacob your music makes me so happy it cured my depression my crops started growing after hearing BINGO
1,stop making jokes about depression, please, it's not funny.
0,If anyone says that they can get over depression in a day they are straight up a lying sack of shit.
0,As someone who has depression I can safely and solidly say that it's not something you can't just do on
0,Each 1 hour loss of sleep increase feelings of sadness/depression can ultimately lead to risky behaviours or even suicide.
1,I don't think that people understand sometimes there is no "fixing" depression it's just something that continues to linger, you just learn
0,Mindfulness for mental wellbeing - Stress, anxiety and depression - NHS Choices
1,I googled top 10 YA novels about depression and self harm and I've read 5/10 of it. Srsly, many things say about me?
0,Also deployed Dodd/Frank; helped rescue me from complete collapse / depression.  built Econ back
0,Good job Dems. Keep up the resistance. By the end of the year we wont be in a depression!
0,im the one is a gorgeous girl my depression is cured for the day
1,Olympic swimmer takes on depression with the loss
1,Contribute to someone's depression and why it is the way it is it's not something you just change in one day in full depression mode
0,Wondering when i'll get over the post holiday depression...   its only been like 6 months since i got home.
1,thinks abt the coursework i've gotta do and spirals further into depression and ends up doing nothing at all
0,Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be - Abraham Lincoln with out any depression
0,Watching NBC while waiting for my car to be fixed-So much emphasis on depression and coping with Life-funny, I'm feeling better since 11/16
0,veryone acts like depression is just something you do to yourself and have complete control over but there are so many things that
1,Skin disorders can also be extremely stressful and may lead to depression.
0,Posted pics of my cuts on IG &amp; someone texted me that he will do the same for getting out of depression; I mean c'mon THIS AIN'T THE WAY!!!!
1,HAHAHAH MY FUNK IS TURNING INTO MY OLD DEPRESSION SYMPTOMS I HATE MY LIFE
1,I can't wait for Katy to come back and say she was suffering from the depression 
0,Yu Tsai's the best. ALWAYS LOVED HIM AND praise for saying bad feedbacks to Dorothy consistently. Lol. Depression bus.
1,I don't think I'll be social again for my deep depression
1,also i get major depression when i work in as a cc agent for too long 
1,Watching liberals band together with fascism to save a dying bourgeois world. Feels like the Great Depression all over again.
0,If we're not channeling Eeyore 24/7, well, then, we can't possibly not have depression!
0,The Clapback to this is enough to cure depression
0,I'd just like to thank persona 5 for curing my depression thank u and goodnight
0,I'm seeing harry in san francisco. Depression who? I don't know her?
1,my depression: excuuuuse meeeeee
1,The thing that sucks the most about depression is one day will be great then the next you feel like complete shit and so helpless
0,TV presenter Jenny Powell opens up about her postnatal depression on Loose Women 
1,My Ex struggled with depression (still does).  It finally broke him  caused a lot of damage in his life.
1,the post-show depression is real
0,Logic with the depression anthem, MGK with a break up jam, Khaled and company with a summer  Katy Perry and Migos? What a day for music
1,So. Tell me. Why is depression so unimportant to you? 
1,Depressio In an insane amount of physical pain, mood low and just wanting to die
0,hi depression long time no see 
0,An LT, 1SG and Ret. SFC got up in front of the whole Battalion and talked about there struggles with PTSD, Anxiety and Depression.
0,Been almost a year since I had this done on my ribs, helps remind me that depression can be beaten. Love you, always
0,Depression naps are the human equivalent of trying to turn something off and then turning it back on again to see if it works better.
0,Using machine learning to diagnose depression
1,depression hurts me even in absence of any preceding physical pain has been associated with many somatic symptoms, such as general body pain
1,It sucks that you can call out for suicidal thoughts or depression related breakdowns because it's not reasonable enough
0,all my life I refused depression meds and I am glad I listened to my gut as my problems were all caused by vitB12 deficiency
1,Heavily Drunk on my depression.
1,Now I'm stuck here begging for a solution fully depressed.
0,Hertfordshire Mum who battled postnatal depression tells BOB fm 'I thought I was failing at everything' - BOB 
1,A person(friend of mine) suffering from chronic pain might also develop depression and/or anxiety
0,The Grim Reality Of Depression Depicted In Conceptual Photographs 
0,Ryan your music has gotten us through depression, cancer, heartbrake, etc.      You CAN stop! Just kidding
1,It's like a big package of depression and anxiety saying "hi there we've missed you"
1,Just because you weren't diagnosed with depression or isn't as bad as the other guy doesn't make your feelings invalid.
0,Tricks To Increase Adrenaline And Beat Stress is eat food
0,Thank you Lord for being right in the midst of the unclear depression
1,We are definitely going to have a great depression soon. There is no denying this. Everyone start game
0,Sleeping too much can also be a sign of depression or numbing out. I've spent more energy avoiding than dealing with that
1,I would but unfortunately it's tainted by The Depression Zone
0,Post Season depression kicking in really hard today in Germany
1,i'm both!! although the low energy may be more because of depression rather than just being autistic
1,This looks like depression in four different plates. 
0,Remember when you felt down? Now you don't have to feel so anymore! 
0, He has been sharing his testimony with the world. It's about how God save him from depression 
0,Anti-inflammatory drugs will be used to treat depression confirming inflammation is cause of all 
0,Not having enough sleep per day leads to desire for sex, depression and alcoholism.
1,Yes!  When having such moments are gifts that give me the breaks I require to survive Depression
0,This is how artist stormzy1 is helping dismantle the taboo around men and depression 
1,Wait till the post Brexit depression hits
1,The only thing I've gained from 3 years in uni is regret and depression
1,I battle anxiety and depression 
0,Noble deeds and hot baths are the best cures for depression.
0,Timeless, Ageless | No Depression
0,I added a video to a youtube playlist Sabrina Benaim - "Explaining My Depression to My Mother"
0,"I know you had enough. Too much pressure, too much stress, too much depression. But you're Ciara and I know you can do it." - Ate
0,Still Willie After All These Years | No Depression 
1,As a person who suffers for mental health problems I don't find anything new
0,Usually 8 weeks max for full adjustment on most antidepressants - but depression itself also causes fatigue.
0,How Exercise Reduces Depression, Anxiety, Cynicism, Anger
0,Girl I thought it was just me! wassup with England and depression?
1,HAHAHA perfect combination self pitying and depression 
0,now only the nightcore version is   Depression
0, OMG idk a depression anymore suddenly 
1,when im good im very good but when im bad i spiral into a crippling depression causing me to question my relationships with everyone i love
0,A must WATCH video on DEPRESSION.Please SHARE and SPREAD
1,It's Ok to Not be Ok - Blogging with Anxiety Depression 
1,Botox and ketamine could help treat depression, study finds this helpfull for mental illness patient. 
0,Wanna see how srs ppl are about mental health? Tell them abt overcoming #depression.
0,I just uploaded Why Symptoms of Depression is Dangerous for Mental Health.
1,People whose support or understanding of mental illnesses doesn't go beyond atypical anxiety, depression or panic .
0,PhD students meet depression diagnosis threshold; top predictor = poor career prospects.
0,It's Mental Health Week! Did you know since 1990-2013 depression has increased by 50%
1,Depression is moral failing for me. 
0,May is Mental Health Awareness Month.
0,they are people who struggles with both anxiety and depression. dont act as if you are dealing with it because it is not a joke
1,Depression is a prison where you are both the suffering prisoner and the cruel jailer. Dorothy Rowe
0,i hate sad/slow songs with a passion they're so triggering to me idk why they just send me into this deep depression it's horrible
1,This depression is starting to get to me. Losing control.
1,it must've been love but it's treatment-resistant depression now
0,Depression cure - THIS surprising therapy could be alternative to taking pills 
1,This is what depression feels like 
0,depression isn't always suicide notes and pill bottles. sometimes, it's all smiles and fake laughter depression isn't always easy to notice.
1,Depression is very real.... Recognizing and asking for help is the key.. Talking to someone you trust..
0,Exercise to Fight Depression. If you are suffering from depression 
1,Depression has no time or rules,it just hits you all in a sudden like a train.
1,I'm so sorry my clinical depression is an incovinence for you... Fml
1,To anyone who suffers from depression, anxiety, or mental problems, you are not alone. Get help.
1,When feelings of sadness are intense &amp; difficult to shake off then you may be suffering from depression like me
1,my depression: i JUst wAnT To  Be HappY again
0,honestly my depression has been on 10 the last few days but this video really makes life feel like it's worth living 
0,Symptoms of depression include persistent deep feelings of sadness feeling tired all the time.
1,oh my god my sense of humor a weird mix of azumanga and anime but have outgrown them due to depression but they still have
1,Depression is something that I thought would never show up in my life again. Yesterday was a shit show. Welp back to the doctors I guess 
1,Finally home alone, a space to do with as I please till 3pm... and all I want to do is sleep because depression is hitting me super hard...
1,You've tried everything and nothing helps your depression. Maybe it's time to check out.
1,But the things at the place probably caused the system to go into depression.
0,Feeling like a fraud is compounded by how our depression is called into question by others witnessing these moments of lightness.
1,The leading cause of depression is reality.
0,3 Sights In Your Local Area Linked To Less Depression
0,Health matters with Mental Health Editor  cynchazen - Mental illness distorts some people's self image depression
1,you'll know your depression is back when you start binge watching shit, never showering, living on trash food, always and always tired
0,Study Finds Marijuana To Be Effective Against Depression 
1,I didnt want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And thats really sad depression
0,SPAM is actually spiced ham and it became popular in the depression bc it's cheap and doesn't have to be refrigerated. 
1,Just realised that at this point I might as well turn crippling depression into my brand. Even did a cool logo for it.
0,suddenly my depresion and anxiety are cured
1,Doesn't help my depression. And I was already having a bad day.
1,once you've walked through depression/anxiety and know, you start to see other people who are hurting but don't admit it. And that's so sad.
0,wud b good to run depression  anxiety tests on the group
0,full private health insurance for a holiday in France for someone with diabetes or mild depression
0,I think a lot of folk struggle with that, because the general understanding of depression is often "neverending sadness/perpetual gloom".
1,Me: i just want to be happy  my depression: i JUst wAnT To  Be HappY
1,Sometimes depression feels like someone has literally pressed your off switch and you just want to lie face down
1,Living with long term depression can feel like you are travelling on a very long and winding road
1,So he blames his wife for HIS depression
0,people feel good after sneezing. it cud b an anti depression reflex autonomic response. waking up depressed = sneeze =endorphin's
1,my depression: i JUst wAnT To  Be HappY 
1,Lack of movement, nutritional deficiencies, poor diet, late rising, lack of purpose and direction. 
0,I suffer from depression 6 years ago to the point where I was contemplating suicide 
0,Certainly these feeling are sometimes thoughts implanted by clinical depression. Sometimes they are situational self-awareness.
1,I can't see myself hatin , that's a sign of depression if you ask me .
1,Depression is insidious, maybe that's why you can never see the end
1,Really just wanna take a depression nap, not drive for an hour
1,The Eurozone has weathered the biggest financial crisis since the Great Depression
1,Before I understood what my depression was, and how it worked, I'd feel guilty for being happy or having fun.
0,Don't sit there claiming you got depression neither. It ain't depression it's called being a whore. Karma love is a bitch
0,Another part was figuring out I had depression and then getting treatment for that, which is why I only did okay at WCC
1,My Journey Out of Abuse, Depression and Homosexuality
1,My Doctors Recommend About Dealing With Depression 
1,Nihilism is just crippling depression without the sweet relief of a good cry
0,Post grad depression. I think it's a thing because of society and circumstances and how...X resources aren't as available to
0,Why have depression when you can be part dank, why can't some memes be...
0,I'd wonder if I really had depression when I'd had a day or a few hours of feeling happy or joyful.
0,Join a FREE Support Group Meeting on Depression, Anxiety Bipolar on 3 May.
1,The girl is my happiness while he's my depression
1,AIN'T are to lighten everytime with  because Smells like  i  should curtains until  cmon  in        I have severe depression
0,Depression inspired me the most. No lie
1,Cbt is it any good for depression
1,I couldn't function on 1-4. I would feel physically sick and my depression would come on really bad
0,Depression is only temporary, you can get passed this!
1,I really hate depression but it loves me
0,Dollar debt and unfunded obligations are more than double that on the eve of the 1929 Depression in persia
1,I 100% understand you, not to long ago I suffered from depression and insomnia which relates to suicide
0,Remember when I had severe depression and the doctors were kind enough to refer me to the school nurse who got me to rate my mood out of 10
1,You don't exactly hold a press conference to announce your post grad depression to your friends and family. You just isolate yourself.
1,The tories will drag us into a new definition of poverty, austerity and depression!
0,It is the Healthiest Diet. It Kills Cancer, Treats Depression, Migraines, and Autism
1,i think i don't like cookie run anymore but idk if it's just general disinterest in things i once loved cuz of depression/anxiety/stress
0,neither one are promoting obesity. shes promoting prayer and overcoming depression/suicide, he's encouraging her foe
0,The benefits of #exercise go beyond physical well-being. It can reduce feelings of depression, improve sleep
1,Look at the depression u have caused. Mad emotional scenes
1,i told someone i have depression and their literal response was "why?"
0,When none of your friends like Harry styles and your mum won't let you go to the concert alone so I have depression now
0,Ive played the scenario of us winning ,and Fulham and Wednesday both getting done so much. That ill be so depressed if it dont happen
0,Do you know Depressed people are likely to get colds more often while happy and energetic individuals get sick
1,It just makes me feel depressed and down
1,i'm gonna get like a 0 on my chem test and i'm so depressed
0,I think the people who dislikes 13 reasons why are the depressed people who didn't got the attention they needed.
0,i've never been depressed and can't relate but this is beautiful
0,Says the leader who is, er, refusing to join leaders' debates. Question: does he actually have a press depressed team?
1,At least we'll finish in the top half of the league ;) I'm so depressed
0,if you're depressed by Tory 'lead' in polls...pls read!
1,ever cried in the middle of the night because you're feeling depressed for no reason
0,Grand Theft Auto Funny Moments Skits - Depressed Redhead, Gettin Away With Murder
0,Orangutan are getting depressed in captivity. It is worse than for human inmates, They don't have a voice. 
1,thinking about it made her depressed.
0,Anyone might wanna talk to you when ur happy only those who truly care wld wanna talk, even when ur depressed and down. LOL
0,Deeplydepressed that PS4 still gets first Access for another year. Xbox are so much better
1,its sf9s first fansign im being depressed bc i cancelled that slot
1,Completely alone and utterly depressed 
0,I must seem like the most happy depressed antisocial, social butterfly, introverted extroverted person ever from my tweets
1,I was really depressed and then I saw these and now I feel a bit better 
1,The last thing I want is to be depressed and have a child. That would be living hell
1,I hate that feeling when you randomly feel depressed. There is no warning, no reason. It just happens.
0,I was so fucking depressed last month it was crazy....smh I'm glad my days are getting better
0,People remember our good work only till our next mistake...So never feel proud on appreciation and never feel depressed on criticism.s
1,I so agree that multitasking can be the cause of depression or mind unbalancing.
1,Tragedies creates mental health problems, depression
1,If we don't hear from you we'll just let you be, you can't always force someone out of depression.
0,People think when you have depression that it's sadness and terrible thoughts everyday  it doesn't work like that
0,you're talking about depression. dont act as if you're going through depression as if its just a phase in your life
0,perhaps because i just blithely accept that i'll always be living with depression that i'm an acceptable target. which is fine.
1,Iam fighting a war with depression. Once U know the strategy, u will triumph. U might lose the odd skirmish. But u will win the war.
0,I remember this time last year I was going through a deep depression it's crazy how much God changed my life.
0,I've become very depressed lately because I don't know if there's a way to move forward when those voters give him a pass in everything
0,Never thought I'd be as depressed as I am finishing school actually gutted to be leaving. High school Defo is the best years of your life
1,I totally understand that, it left me devestated and depressed. Tbh the shocks worn off the depression remains
0,Day 5 without alcohol. Irritable, anxious, depressed, cramping up, coupled with night sweats. This is some evil shit
0,It's difficult being severely depressed on Twitter because I have "friends" that "care about my wellbeing and safety"
0,how come I easily get depressed over small things at night and act like nothing's wrong during the day? - hmmm, must be the coffee 
0,It's like I'm Lorde when I'm dancing on crazy mood and when I'm depressed! Hahaha 
0,Wow talk about too much time on your hands, I looked wasn't depressed at all 
1,Humm I think it's one thing to be depressed and another thing to feel like you suffer more than anyone else in the world
1,it's a lot easier to be like I'm sick than I am so depressed aaaaa bye
0,I'm depressed enough to delete this tweet in the morning.
1,i love being depressed, got used to it already
0,not sure if still drunk or just depressed
1,Completely Alone And Utterly Depressed  
1,I can have incredibly dark thoughts and I have suicidal thoughts.
0,they jokingly kiss when depressed.
0,are french people d'pressed or just depressed? this really been in my mind for days
1,Majorly depressed and close to giving up! #HadEnough
0,You can't be depressed, you were having fun on Tuesday!"
0,I'm gonna go ape if he wins and depressed if he loses
1,Nobody responded loser politicians and so called actors leave it I might leave the world because I am too much depressed would u all bear..
0,i m crying my heart out i better win tickets for the london show because im getting depressed if i dont see him
0,I hate when I'm on the phone and go to look for my phone and get frustrated because I can't find it
0,ii think im sexually frustrated..
1,You ever get to that part in Les Mis when everyone's dying and it's only strings and you just feel really sad and frustrated
1,I'm just so frustrated with myself right now and I don't know what to do.
0,My Mom is frustrated that her Rx is taking longer than she'd like to be filled, so I took her out for an ice cream cone while we wait. 
1,The president is very frustrated you all don't accept the White House's constant lying as gospel
0,Nothing has frustrated me more this week than internet.
0,These simple comics are so relatable for anyone whos ever experienced mental illness.Good reminder we're not alone.
0,nothing frustrated me more than when people saw me crying and said "it's not that big of a deal"
0,Corey Taylor understands why Bennington is frustrated at fans - but says he should be fortunate for what he has
1,ooohhhh Mark answer that phone and show us your boat!.I'm getting frustrated myself
0,I can't decide if watching diet and exercise videos is making me feel more motivated about being healthy or just frustrated. 
0,How frustrated are you that Trump waiting until after the TheCircus season finale to fire Comey
0,Yes! I saw that! But this delay is happening forever since long time. People are frustrated here
1,Tobacco's psychosocial marketing to frustrated housewives: "She's gone to Capri, and she's not coming back.
1,Which btw they all said different things and I'm just way more frustrated then when I started the phone call
0,Let's hope there's a method to it. He seems very frustrated, s
1,the president of the unites states is growing openly frustrated at having to justify his actions or being held
0,I just feel so frustrated right now everything is setting me off today.
0,Frustrated MILF Seduces Stepson Nathan Bronson Reagan¬†Foxx 
1,I wanna cry, not because I'm sad but because I'm frustrated
0,i'm frustrated why is he so attractive
0,When a woman no longer gets frustrated with you; you almost can guarantee that she doesn't care anymore
0,i feel like when people are sad or frustrated they drink or party to stop caring,i just turn on Netflix stop caring i have a problem
0,You must be frustrated since your side lost so badly.
1,Yes I have spent an hour today and am extremely frustrated! This is so unneccesary
1,Ended up hurt frustrated. Felt disrespected†by the lack of consideration†to send even a text. Each time there was no communication attempt
0,I think I found my perfect online program God knows I was frustrated .
1,Please address this issue .really its getting frustrated
0,Sessions mourns the loss of slavery; he is an angry, frustrated son of the South...in a strategic position
1,Damning report: Suffolk failing some children with special education needs leaving families frustrated confused
1,Agbogbloshie road riddled with gaping holes customers, traders and drivers frustrated
0,Corey Taylor understands why Bennington is frustrated at fans - but says he should be fortunate for what hears
0,I started running as a frustrated college student because I could sleep or eat and my body tugged me out every morning at 5am
1,clearly frustrated with myself. Why cannot the people I cut out of my /life/ stay out of my /head/ too?
1,Christian Kabasele is down and looks incredibly frustrated. That looks to be the end of his night
1,I'm so frustrated living in a world where the SMALLEST number of minority ultimately make the decisions for EVERYBODY
1,avidr3ader I'm always frustrated when people remark "the Bible clearly says..." cause even if it does, that says me
1,Getting frustrated with waiting for shit.
0,I WAS DYING TO SEE THE ONE HUNDRED IN 3 DAYS AND NOW IM FRUSTRATED AS HELL
0,On my side frustrated to not have more time currently
1,Ya girl getting a lil frustrated
0,After hackatjon backout what options do the opposition and the frustrated citizens are left with?
0,this 4 y/o just said, "I'm frustrated... everything I know is everything I don't know" 
1,sheikhwaseemgul I am Indian Muslim frustrated with Kashmiri trators who want Azadi. do not try
0,Beyond frustrated bc I wanna be able to eat but know I won't finish the food know my stomach won't be able to handle it 
0,imarleneking been frustrated with pll like every other fan i think but ultimately so thankful for u and the show. gonna miss it dearly.
1,Same here. I'm so frustrated! with the asusaual fucking world
0,YourGeek frustrated with wack WiFi while trying to work. Time together
0,I think James will do well in England. He is going to be very frustrated very soon. And Mou will kill his game
1,Frustrated with the current administration. 1st-Change healthcare. 2nd-Relax laws on producing nutrition facts. So sick I can't pay for it.
0,airtel_care We've been having serious frustrated issues with data network since ystday in Gombe and environs. Ntwrk goes off every 2mins. 
0,It's okay, babe. I'm sorry that you're all frustrated. I want a trailer too! Trust me. I'm an OG fan!
1,To end like that is frustrating. I beat myself up for it, a little bit.
0,Yoongi getting frustrated over not being able to button his sleeve and then pouting is so cute 
1,"I don't like misinformation which leads to severe pain" Ed gritted his teeth in frustrated annoyance
0,I hate being so frustrated with everything to the point where I just want to cry
0,My prediction: Trump will become so frustrated that he resigns. President Pence in Jan 2018
1,Some homeless lady asking me for change said got you to smile cause she seen I was frustrated....priceless
1,He's probably just frustrated after being thrown under the bus by his boss this morning...
0,I always try to stay calm, but sometimes people just want me to be frustrated, it seems...
0,He's gay and frustrated and you're straight and dumb. How else is he supposed to react
0,u kno when u feel sick cus of how upset n frustrated u are. that's me rn
1,This girl during my exam was so frustrated that she broke her pencil in half and scram. Oh, then she demanded for another pencil.
0,Hot Wheels is fun. Mind coming off the track has frustrated me lol
1,when you literally get so frustrated  trying to explain a thing you not only get tongue tied but also use wrong words to describe something which i am experiencing now
1,Frustrated Dana White delivers ultimatum to Conor McGregor.
1,Not like i can do anything about it.just going to sleep night after night, frustrated to the core.
0,There is NEVER a good time for computer updates. Like asking what is a good day for you to feel frustrated for an hour?
0,What do you get when you cross a designerhandbag , a frustrated partner, and a leather maker
1,pregnant Moose momma was frustrated with this case, now. 
1,It ended like that is frustrating. I beat myself up for it
1,I'm growing increasingly frustrated w/ myself for not listening to myself. When pride refuses to accept defeat... Sigh.
1,I hate northwest vista I'm so frustrated because I donot have any one reason to be happy
0,A local softball coach is frustrated by the discrepancy in pre-season practice time allowed for baseball vs. softball
0,Everyone's having fun with Puyo Tetris and I'm sitting here frustrated about trying to find a goddamn Politoed in Pokemon Moon.
0,I thought games were meant to be fun? I've been stuck on act three of Marble Zone for hours and now I'm frustrated and tired
1,I just get frustrated because they never genuinely give a fuck even when they're pretending like their about this life lol
1,Irrespective of who you are without destiny helpers your journey in life becomes frustrated as mine.
1,My hip hurts, I was supposed to have gotten my hair done Monday, I'm hungry, so yeah I'm a so frustrated rn
0,My dream is for Bakugo to get more and more frustrated as the series progresses.
1,I was so offended by her dismissal of anything I would say, and frustrated as hell, I didn't talk to her for a good 5 minutes orz
1,Not blaming the NHS you idiot. I am so Frustrated at the situation.
0,Angrd n Frustrated 2 c d battle goin on bw d tv news channels on who cn go 2 d lowest lvl,I decided 2 watch old episodes of WTP n BSH
1,I hate getting frustrated because I start crying then I feel like a lil bitch which frustrates me more.
1,When my girl get frustrated she stay flex on her toes like today
0,I'm getting v frustrated trying to watch ABC iView bc I live in the USA.
1,are they coming? We haven't done anything wrong." He growled his words, frustrated, and irritated he picked the book 
1,Police block march of elderly Venezuelans - Elderly Venezuelans frustrated with medical shortages and the fligh
0,Completley frustrated I cant watch the WBA game tonight as usual SkyHelpTeam cant get our sky tv working
1,It's really easy to be constantly frustrated with your life if ur a dreamer cos ur imagination stays running faster than ur legs. It's hard
0,I'm just a frustrated Liverpool fan
1,I hate being in predicaments where I'm forced to ask for help. I get so frustrated
0,Frustrated with Disciplining Your 2 Year-Old kid? Try These Ideas! parenting 
0,When I'm feeling as frustrated as I am now.. I throw on Bloodstream.. it definitely mellows me out
1,From last 2-3 hours train 12307 stuck between tundla-agra. Very poor management of indian railway. Reason to get frustrated 
1,people might get angry at me, but i'm honestly just Angry and Frustrated on people like my employees
1,So frustrated with myself and the way I've been lately. I need to just chill out and go with the flow.
0,I shouldn't be allowed to play games I get frustrated so easily I'm really about to throw this entire game out the balcony
0,I get so frustrated at airport rookies. nopatience
0,CreditOneBank frustrated. Tried set up online account keeps saying "not working." Called web support 4x. Put into auto acct info. HELP
0,I'm really not frustrated with some current ones. It's not the attitude or approach I expect from footballers
1,Apologies for the rant but I guess I am just frustrated with the left's ridiculous position despite the other
1,When you think you've let something go and you're fine. Then you think about it and you're instantly frustrated again me right now
0,NBA HoustonRockets 7 guys in game 5. Thus in game 6 James was gassed frustrated by 2 min
1,From being the 6th to 20th I am so frustrated aaah Hyungseob
1,i'm honestly so frustrated, hets are so entitled to be included in everything. THIS COMMUNITY ISNT FOR YOU AND THATS FINE!!!!
1,we both driving around frustrated ass shit .
1,So frustrated with my actions . I hate myself so much .
0,I always get so frustrated when I rewatch the office because I just want jim and Pam to be together which is done now
0,So not fair. I had to settle for p2 and you put more on sale. So frustrated
1,Y'all, I called this number 8 times in 10 mins. No answer. We need to get out. We're frustrated. Literally trapped in our own garage. 
1,I'm so frustrated Oh my fucking god
1,I'm so sad, angry, frustrated that ppl in power don't seem to care about our country. the R's will carry a heavy burden in history.
0,getting insanely frustrated thanks to irl and non-irl... can this DOOM install be quicker ty internet
0,Do it! It's vital to have a game plan out here or you'll be frustrated all the time.
1,frustrated tryna visualize someone else's vision
1,when theres no communication seems like nothings being done and people get frustrated at lack of updates as me.
1,Haven't had sex since December. I'm making my boyfriend wait... but damn it I'm frustrated
1,When you get so frustrated at your Chem test that you write "I Give Up" as an answer.
0,It really shows that the map has your design, by the amount of frustrated players.
0,People bash on Valve because they're frustrated and honestly can you blame them? Valve doesnt really communicate to players
1,i keep having to spend money im just tryna save it all im frustrated now
1,Run just as fast as I can, to the middle of nowhere, to the middle of my frustrated fears
0,Too many frustrated characters on the road. It is better to ignore these perverts. I think they honk their frustration away.
0,I know it's a thankless job with basically no leeway so you won't catch me ing translink or anything just cause I'm frustrated!
1,I ain't ever been so fucking frustrated like now
1,Im so frustrated listening to Russia Russia Russia that im inclined to stop watching any news 
1,Incredibly frustrated with and disappointed by google customer services because they took my money with no reason
1,I don't know how people just don't work out I literally feel more angry, anxious, fat, and frustrated when I don't go
1,I do cause I was crying in disbelief. Now In 2017 am beyond angry frustrated about to die
1,Imagine being so frustrated with a situation you can't physically say how you feel
0,It's not your fault of course i just get frustrated that everyone raves about the hub but it's fact
0,frustrated James Harden falls flat in season-ending loss was once The Undefeated
0,never get frustrated when things don't work out that's just God trying to protect you and direct you to a better path
1,Summary: "We are frustrated that the free press doesn't blindly accept our bullshit, so we might just stop talking
1,Very frustrated that many m/m cozies seem to be self-pub'd and too lightly edited.
0,I don't get frustrated about scaling and renders, nor do I consider movies like TATMR, HORT, DOTD, BMM and TOTB to be bad movies.
0,Woke Up On The Wrong Side Of The Bed I'm Frustrated 
0,Aren't you frustrated? Six figures online isn't difficult to make if you have proven system.
1,I tried to learn how to knit and crochet other ways for variety, but got so frustrated.
1,I guess I really am a work-a-holic because I'm frustrated that no one wants to see houses on Mother's Day. 
1,I'm at the point where I'm so frustrated with it I almost wish I couldn't read. Lol
0,a lower down god somewhere in the kingdom i imagine must be so frustrated that they got me
0,Exactly and Comey acting like he was God.  Trump was very frustrated with him. Glad Comey is gone
0,Everything happens for a reason. Right now I'm angry and frustrated, but I know it's for the best.
1,ppl all over country_so frustrated_that those leaders who could intervene appear indifferent
1,31 year old snowboard bum and frustrated employee fires his boss.
0,A patient was getting frustrated with a specific protocol in my department and she says its alright
1,If you ask me am I mad and I respond I'm probably really just frustrated. Idk but that just popped in my head
1,I get so frustrated when the people I care about don't recognize their worth!!!!
1,Starting to get really frustrated with this job and how they do their payroll. Why can't they ever pay us on time!! Wtf
1,Frustrated Veteran Threatens to Operate on Himself After VA Refuses to Pay His Medical Bill
0,Those of us who support him are frustrated by this childish behavior. He is too damn thinskinned. He must learn to ignore them.
1,This is making me so sad and ruining my whole mood for the day. I'm so frustrated
1,I sometimes wish all these little things in life would fuck off and stop being so damn difficult. So frustrated.
0,Still confused about why my mom doesnt show up when i search "mom" on facebook? Very frustrated facebook pls fix this
0,I'm gon' coiff your anus so ostentatiously that when I'm thru you gon' smell like a sexually-frustrated Danny Glover
0,Really frustrated with JMs approach last night. We showed in away leg far better side. So why not have faith in ourselves. So cautious
1,I've been through this route for a couple of days now and am frustrated with your services.
1,That moment when you expect to be happy after a service and you ended up more frustrated.....just thankful that next week will be the last
0,watching boys girls rap team again again &amp; im so frustrated, dongbin doesnt look confident come on boy sigh
1,was I the only one who used to get so frustrated bc my friends never appreciated louis??? but when they did id get jealous and protective???
0,I'm sorry I was mean last night I was frustrated by a great many things and hadn't eaten in over 12 hours
0,I was 24hrs totally frustrated. I got errors updating my credit card and trying to add
0,Leave it Shilpi Ji. No one watches this frustrated man anymore. He's peeved at losing out. Please ignore him.
1,We would be overweight, ill and frustrated. Yes, the wrong and too fat/rich food makes you physically and mentally ill.
1,i'm severely frustrated with how shitty sm treats like fUCK YOU FOR WASTING THEIR TALENT AND LOYALTY FOR 8 YEARS FUCK YOU
0,had a discussion with friends who thought that reverse racism actually exists today and i never got so frustrated towards them like this
0,Long time ago I told to myself that "My mom doesn't love me" But now i'm really frustrated thinkin about everything mom has done for medical
0,Same ass brauds be on here frustrated but ain't give the niggas they run circles with every day the time of day